Date: 2026-10-05
Topic: Davon booking
Drive File ID: 12WNN3UEP75Z_9Nsk1xF3xvu3MWZP2L2DV40s59I2UbQ
Source: google-drive-doc
Note: date inferred from the Google Doc creation time (2026-10-05T18:37Z); the meeting itself is undated.
Extraction: Google Doc exported as text; "**Speaker N** (M:SS)" blocks rebuilt into 28 turns, word count checked (2457/2457)

[00:00:00] Speaker 1: Because I'm much, much older. And yeah, left that and went to the private sector, a couple of different government agencies built and ran their cyber programs, companies and institutions whose names you'd recognize. And so I've been my current role in head of security, cyber physical and fraud for the world's largest travel company. And many of the brands you'd probably recognize as well. So yeah, that's kind of sort of a bit about me.
[00:00:29] Speaker 2: Amazing. Well, yeah, okay, we can do it. Cool, I just wanted to say that, you know, I feel like people did started the army understand like the urgency of things in the cyber field. It's like, it's sometimes in the civil commercial companies, the urgency is not, you don't feel the urgency in other roles but in security. If you feel it, so I love people with similar background. Okay, so let's dive into our process. So basically, we are a security people, we are infrastructure people and we started from the beginning, not the beginning, the beginning, the beginning of the new era of the eye era because we ask ourselves, like, how AI changed the ecosystem, how AI changed security teams and security organizations. And basically, we talked with a lot of CISOs and we kept hearing from them that the thing they fear the most from is the speed and the scale of those new machine speed attacks, AI driven attacks. And as we dive into that and try to understand like what exactly where exactly in their security stock and their security process there is a gap that can deal this speed and scale, they always kept going to their remediation process. They shared with us that the remediation context is fragmented, is the remediation process is going to multiple teams. It started at the CISO but then going to infrastructure teams to different engineers and in every step of the way there is a lot of decisions to make and that the difficulty to take those decisions in an informative way way and understand what the real world is. The mediation will affect downstream that would create the most friction and latency in the mediation process. So first of all I'm interested to hear what you think about this problem statement.
[00:03:20] Speaker 1: Yes, I'd be hard to meet a disagree with the overall problem statement. Certainly, you know, cyber defenders in all industries and sectors. But even upstream of that, be able to detect machine speed attacks. How do we know it's an agent? How do we know it's malicious agent? How do we know? So I think it starts for upstream then remediation. But nevertheless, remediation is a huge challenge. So it will be hard for me to disagree that that process is fragmented because the security team. These are not the one hitting enter to push a patch, right? That's typically operations or engineering or they're about.
[00:04:41] Speaker 2: So absolutely concurring with that. Cool. So actually, this is interesting what you said about detection. I'll tell you, we want to go to this direction. But we started from also talking about direction. We heard from CISO like mixed signals. Some of them agreed. need to get battered, faster detection mechanisms and systems. Some of them... Actually most of them told us we're okay. I'm building my controls to be good and often and the machine speed attacks as well. We are basically a Be honest and send that we are basically agree with you but we we could not not hear all of them talk. Talking about remediation sounds like it's a problem that was always exist and now became even harder and critical. So basically we dive in into this process. And trying to understand like exactly what take the most time from this process. And this is actually something that came up also in the conversation with Reggie and Nicole and Scott. About the downstream impact. Like because there are many teams involved, sometimes different teams from the engineering side, network it. We specifically talk with them about networking changes, for example. They always repeat that the operations side, moving slow, specifically around network, we talk about network back then. Because they fear to break something, to break the enterprise, to do some remediation processes, some changes that will affect the business. Do you feel like do you agree with this specific pain that they moved through? Absolutely.
[00:06:54] Speaker 1: I mean, it's a point of great description and great concern, quite frankly, too. If you push a remediation to a production application that's generating millions and billions of dollars of revenue for your company to mitigate a security vulnerability, there's a trade-off there. So absolutely, the remediation process and the friction associated with that. Now, in a Nirvana state, you would have a digital twin, you would have virtual patching to where you can evaluate, verify that that patch is going to work on the digital twin before you push a production or you have virtual patching so that you can essentially buy yourself time to patch. But either of those, especially the digital twin concept is expensive. defensive, which is why it's typically not as pervasive in large complex organizations. But, yeah, there's always hesitation with pushing a patch in a production environment that could have life impactful consequences that the worst case, you think hospitals and other, you know, potentially revenue impactful consequences for more profitable organizations that they're about. So there's always that consideration. Quite frankly. Amazing.
[00:08:33] Speaker 2: So we continue there. And basically what we're thinking to do. Let's get a little question before we continue.
[00:08:41] Speaker 3: Do you think that this is the point that makes the latency in the remediation process?
[00:08:49] Speaker 1: Like, yeah. So, yes, I believe it is certainly among the manufacturers, right? And you could say right now with the advancements in the LLMs, you can get closer to where you have validated patch, right? So not only, you know, are these LLMs now able to identify, you know, vulnerable these zero days previously on discovered, but they can also create patches for those, right? But then, you know, hitting enter to push that. The patch is always where the hesitation is because you always like, you know, is this really going to work, right? Is it a break? My application, break my business, so that's still, I think, among the deterministic factors and the lay is latency as you call it in remediation. It's, yeah, do I, what's my level of trust and confidence that this patch is not going to break my business?
[00:09:59] Speaker 2: Okay, let's see. Yeah. totally, I told you we read that and basically that's the reason that we think to go to this direction, like help organization to unify their dependencies, their business context into one kind of layer that help them to understand the downstream impact of each possible remediation path. and help them choose the safest, less destructive, to production remediation path, and in the future, also to execute it. To verify their business and security outcome, and help CISOs and security teams to move forward remediation processes to the organization. Basically, we think that, right now, as I mentioned, right now we're going to be back. It's a problem, but in one year or so, when all the vulnerabilities will surface more and more and more by all those LLMs and myths, kind of LLMs, those processes will be part of the day-to-day processes of their organization. We will not have weeks to patch anymore. So we want organization to to make those decisions and make those remediation processes much shorter, much faster, much safer. Yes, absolutely.
[00:11:42] Speaker 1: That makes sense. And that would be welcome. If you guys read the patch again in the paper by I know Pat at J.P. Morgan. You should Google that and take a look at it. Yeah, just again, I think it's a good idea. It's called. So, and I think what it calls out is among the harsh reality of our challenge, right? Because within embedded within many of the applications that generate revenues for companies like mine, is a simple fact that we rely on a lot of open source libraries. Right? We rely on a lot of, you know, third party developed applications to work as well. And so where as we can push patches to the applications that are built by our dev teams, we can patch what's in an MPM library that's maintained by somebody at the elsewhere. And this is not an anti-open source, it's just simple symbolic of the supply chain, third party components of a patch management strategy that we also have to worry about, right? Because there are dependencies and downstream dependencies for 15. Parties dependencies in many instances and those matters as well. So certainly protecting what's in our virtual firewalls is a priority and that is a lot easier to solve for. But the dependencies from third-party, fifth-party applications upon which we also rely, that's a much bigger problem. And that, I think underscores the much of the essence of the patch by getting paid by that I would encourage all to read. By the way, one of your former 8200 members also created something in this space.
[00:13:47] Speaker 2: Trust you would have seen and done some research on remedial. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
[00:13:48] Speaker 1: Of course. So you guys will be solving for something different than what calendar remedial team is going. So that's actually not the, I thought you wanted to say, maybe it's a good time to get to the point.
[00:14:00] Speaker 3: Good time to get back. To show a different, the example of the third party that the database with vulnerability. Amazing.
[00:14:09] Speaker 2: That's, that's, I think it will answer the question on the questions and what, and on what you said. Yeah, that's exactly what I wanted to say because, because I feel like what you shared about this third party is, is amazing. Let me share my screen really quickly. Quick. Because we do believe that patching is not the only way to remediate. It's not the, sometimes it's not the feasible way to remediate. For example, when you're working with third party vendors. For example, I let, you know what, I let you few seconds to see like, to view and observe what you're saying. And then I'll explain a bit.
[00:15:07] Speaker 1: If it's okay, like, got it. This isn't treating. So when I mentioned virtual patching, right, this is consistent with that. But yeah, this is, this is intriguing.
[00:15:32] Speaker 2: Of course, Nelson lied because Nelson said you guys didn't have a problem.
[00:15:34] Speaker 1: He just didn't have the idea. But I want to say that. Nelson lied because Nelson said you guys didn't have a problem. He just didn't have the idea. But Nelson did not lie to my defense. I want you to be there and perfecting their product.
[00:15:50] Speaker 2: This is not a product yet. Sorry, sorry Nelson. I interpret your words. But this is not a product yet. Yeah, we are just thinking. like now with AIU. We can create more visual views that can help you process your idea. So this is not. This picture that tells us what we want to bring. Exactly. Like as you mentioned, third party, it's just pop our mind because we are trying to understand it by ourselves. And as a solution, people it's easy for us also to see a solution. So basically, I'll go through what we're seeing. Like as you mentioned, there is a third party product used, for example, here we see redis. And sometimes they have critical vulnerabilities. And you know what? Even if you do, you do have a way to patch. Sometimes it's not the best option because the downstream impact is critical for your business. And you don't sure you want to do it. So basically our idea, our direction is to help organization to understand their best remediation paths. And like what is safe for their business and for their technical stack and help, CISOs and engineers in operational teams to move their mediation process safely, faster, and to help them understand the all options of remediation.
[00:17:32] Speaker 1: So this is absolutely appealing, but let me ask you this. If we were to choose a second option here, like remove internet exposure, would this then make an API call to, you know, whatever the network, upstream network or endpoint devices to say disconnect the stable, disconnection, similarly, with the applied lease rules in rotation, if it's API to AOTA or some other PAM solution, could it
[00:18:02] Speaker 3: be that, is that where you guys are heading? So basically, it is part of our vision, but we actually want to start with assessing the impact that we want to give this value in the future. The execution part of this area, but it's only the vision it's not in the game.
[00:18:25] Speaker 1: It's a great vision, definitely is appealing, but can't be. It's a context that's missing right now because we will get critical vulnerability, we will do the exploitability analysis to say, are there no exploits for this? Is it actively being exploited in the wild? Is this device reachable from the internet? Does it require authenticated, unauthenticative? the whole exploitability analysis but be. I think what you have here are additional tools that could benefit the team in taking steps to protect the assets. This is good stuff. I do apologize. I know we're scheduled for 140 but I do have a hard stop. I'm late for another call. I have to jump on. Sorry about this. Scheduling snafu analysis. Is there anything that I should leave this conversation with as we wrap?
[00:19:35] Speaker 3: No. We talked about on vulnerability patching but we look at all the areas of the infrastructure and application. We look at the network and identity and also the vulnerability patch. I will stop because I don't want to delay you anymore. Who could have you again, Devon? It was a good validation.
[00:20:02] Speaker 1: We got you again at some points. We are not joining now. This was pretty cool.
[00:20:10] Speaker 2: It was very nice to meet.
[00:20:12] Speaker 1: Thank you. In some clear, this is just ideation. Are you guys seed stage? No, no. Where are you? Nothing. Just an ideation.
[00:20:24] Speaker 3: And the else on stage.
[00:20:25] Speaker 1: Or you guys are definitely on the right path. I have not seen anything like this. As I said previously, we have seen a lot of the exposure analysis, explorability analysis, identification, and patch creation. But I haven't seen anything like this. So well done. I look forward to our further conversations, guys.
[00:20:58] Speaker 2: Thanks so much. You got to run.
