Date: 2026-09-03
Topic: Network Security Discovery Interview
Drive File ID: 1px5ZxrfAyb9CimwhxpfMmaPtGZsE9E1G
Source: google-drive-pdf

[00:00:00] Speaker 1: and share the recording.
[00:00:01] Shoval: Amazing, so a lot of music.
[00:00:02] Speaker 2: That -'s amazing.
[00:00:03] Speaker 1: All - right, let me figure out how to GEM and I at start taking notes. All right, so it's already transcribing. GEM and I is taking notes. I think I did all the things on my end that I need to do.
[00:00:16] Shoval: Yeah, I can see like the small wizard jumping.
[00:00:21] Speaker 1: Okay, awesome, all right, yes.
[00:00:23] Shoval: Cool, so let's start the introduction. So I'm Chaval. I'm in service here for the past 10 years. I actually started in the unit 8200. There I met you Val, I co-founder. am my So we know for many years already. We both served in the department that was responsible for the DevOps and infrastructure of the unit, which basically we hold
[00:00:50] Speaker: Mm-hmm.
[00:00:52] Shoval: both the roles. of DevOps engineer and security engineer. You know, those infrastructure was for security, for cyber operations, so it must be super secured and super robust, so we had to take care of all of those perspectives. So I served for five and a half years, released as a captain, and after my service, I actually did a bit of a shift into a product management role, because I was always curious about, you know, creating value and understand customer Spain. So I did it in the past five years, started in a company called Perception. which was on the workspace security area, led there all the detection capabilities that were basically a lot of machine learning, AI, and agents before people knew what is agent and there was framework all over the place. So it was very cool. This company was acquired by Fortinet. Afterward, I moved to a company called Coisecurity. Also great company, great product, very innovative in terms of how we use the AI. And this company was acquired as well by Paolo Aldo. That basically was my sign to start my own journey Wait - you are, 'cause that was-- like an old dream of both of us, like we both always talked about it since our military service and talked about how we will do it and that was designed to start. I love to say that Yuval and I like started on the same place, on the same department, but built like the different story from different perspective because I did the shift for product management and Yuval just went deep into the technology. I wish I could share all of his experience but he did so much crazy stuff that I let him introduce himself.
[00:02:58] Speaker: Yeah.
[00:03:00] Speaker 2: And Shabada didn't tell you that she was my first commander in the 8200 unit. And together we developed big platforms and great platforms for the unit. And one of them was for mapping and securing the complex networks we have inside the unit. And it's still working at Dintolay. It's like around six or seven years since we developed it. So we're really proud of it. in there. After this short time as an engineer, I promoted to be a team leader. And two years after, I promoted again to be the head of the DevOps and infrastructure department in 8,200, I led 40 people, 40 engineers across five teams. We ran large scale networks, complex networks for operations rooms, for thousands of users, hundreds of applications. And then with that, I'll see you next time. had the petabytes of data that we've managed and production environments. And after 10 years, around 10 years in 8,200, I finished the army and then I started at Paragon Cyber as the director of DevOps and History. There I led 25 engineers. We developed tailor-made solutions for the products Opsik. It was network solutions and that we developed all this time and after two years and a half I quit it and started the journey with Cheval which now we're building our startup company in the cybersecurity area as I told you. And now we will share with you our direction. and we want to hear your thought about it. And then Shabal,
[00:04:46] Shoval: Yeah, but first we would love to hear about you, Zee, like
[00:04:47] Speaker 2: you want to go ahead?
[00:04:49] Shoval: your experience, what you did, your role
[00:04:49] Speaker 2: Yeah, of course, of course.
[00:04:54] Speaker 1: Sure. Yeah, so I've been with Wiz for about three plus years. Looking at the time I'm trying to do the math. It's three and a quarter. Yeah, so but the journey has been very fun. I'm a recovering CISO. So not having That stress on my shoulders was very It was very great for my career and my family life But prior to is I was with a company for nearly four years as a CISO there and then before that various like director level rules, uh, owning security and compliance, uh, for a bunch of startups. Before that, I was, uh, working in the Working at bigger companies and I really dislike that that vibe. So, uh, I really like startups. Yes. So, yeah, but right now my role is, um, it's like a field CISO that gets to have fun. So I work with our CISO team, it's like 100 plus people now in all sorts of different departments and subcategories. And my job is to ensure that they know how to use WIZ for their work themselves to be aware of new features that they should explore, work with the product team to understand what those new features are, be abreast of all of the changes that are happening since there It's so many PMs and so much change and it's very hard to keep up. And then do the same thing for our customers. And one of the joys that I get to do is when Wizz cannot solve a problem or they have a strategic security strategy roadblock of some sort, I can come in and say, hey, you should use X or Y or you should talk so-and-so So kind of networking effect since because they had a similar problem. some of our customers like really use my skills as much as possible since I'm not a line item, I'm not a field, proper field CISO, so I'm not trying to sell anything. But others are more of like, "I have a very focused problem, you need to figure it out and go." And it's where a support team can and not figure out how to solve the complex issue that the customer is having. And that's where I come in to like bridge the understanding of how the product works by looking at the code, understand the roadmap and what our customer needs and kind of jam everything together. that I never had to deal with in my career So that has been very fun since it's a very challenging process
[00:07:29] Shoval: Yeah, that's super cool. See, like, do you like, I did not hear about this kind of role before Like it's does it comment like this role?
[00:07:41] Speaker 1: No, so usually you have a field CISO or V CISO or or somebody in that capacity that is either supplementing or filling a role so V CISO like the company doesn't have a Somebody to head security so they they have a contractor to to basically bridge the gap and like save money By having him or her in the place field CISO is more traditionally more adjacent to a sales organization and they're usually there to solve a complex problem. but also try to push and sell and have quota. I'm not part of the go to market organization. I don't want to be part of go to market. I do love talking to customers, but I don't like selling. I mean, I'm missing out on...
[00:08:23] Shoval: that's the best test. I -'m selling strategy, by the way.
[00:08:27] Speaker 1: Yeah, I'm sure that like there is money to be made selling, but it's just not who I am. And it's way too high pressure environment on the sales organization.
[00:08:38] Shoval: No -, like I meant like-- To - give advice, honest advice about solutions and the way to use the product better. It's like the best selling strategy, because if the customer loved the product and then they stand up to use it, it will pay.
[00:08:54] Speaker: Yep.
[00:08:54] Shoval: So that's it.
[00:08:56] Speaker 1: Right. And I can be, although we work for the same company, be a little bit unbiased and say like, Okay ", you just heard about X. I can confirm it is amazing." Or like, "It's okay. It needs a lot of work." And the customers appreciate that honesty and gate check. And one of the challenges that we have given was so complex in terms of the breadth of services, the things that it can do, the budget that a potential customer has. and it's like, okay, what sort of concept consolidation can we do here? And let me help you figure that out because the salesperson is just gonna say like, oh yeah, Wiz can do everything for you. And I actually go in there and it's like, okay, well, you're paying, you know, this company X amount, this company Y amount, both of those things can be used by Wiz and kind of like help them see the long picture, which has been very fun from my perspective since it like makes me think, makes me use my skills rather than, you know, seeing the same old spiel and going through the same deck. I don't even have decks, who needs decks? So it's a fun job and for the purposes of the conversation, I love meeting new interns in different security areas and understanding what you do, where you're at in your-- journey and does it make sense to tell the team internally about what y'all are doing, what are y'all cooking, or if there is a customer that has a specific need with what they have to know that there's, somebody else that can do it because, and the last thing I'll say here, it is so difficult without having somebody who has seen things behind the scenes, who has experienced to help sell things because there's just you know you look at the website and you're like I don't know what this means it's like marketing copy it is it's meant for SEO. It's not meant for like humans to to analyze the pricing is is mysterious. Yeah. And then you have the other side. It's like-- the company that can push the most marketing and sales people is the one that makes the most noise, but they might not be the best in what they do. They just have the money to spend on those people. And it's like, how do you navigate that chaos because you can like go to Gartner, you can go to, I forgot the name of the other one, you can get reports, you can buy these services that like, let you speak to an expert. Everything is like, basically you have to pay more money until you like, okay, this is the thing I need. And I wish that there was a better like, we're getting into ourselves into the situation where you don't know what you need. And you're either chasing shiny or you're stuck with the legacy products that might not be best class anymore because, you know,
[00:11:51] Shoval: yeah.
[00:11:52] Speaker 1: I'm not going to throw shade on any company but There are so many companies that have been around that they resonate, but their product itself is shit for lack of a better word.
[00:12:04] Shoval: Yeah.
[00:12:05] Speaker 1: Sorry, that was a long bent inch feel. I'm sorry, Ben.
[00:12:09] Shoval: No, that was super-- we didn't know this kind of role, so that was-- you know, you taught us a lot just by telling us about that. So loved it. And I think, like, I shared that we are in the super beginning of this journey of us. We are on the ideation mode, exploring, learning this will be like a long relationship. I hope it will be a long relationship and we can, you know,
[00:12:39] Speaker 1: Yeah.
[00:12:42] Shoval: work more together in the future. So a bit about what we are doing. As I mentioned, we are on the ideation. We are currently exploring the network security field. Basically,
[00:12:54] Speaker: Mm-hm.
[00:12:55] Shoval: AI changed the whole ecosystem. There are a lot of products that are solving AI security, but our take about it is that it's also like, same as organization use AI, attacker use AI, And though that's my... down. Yeah, tax faster and in much bigger scale.
[00:13:16] Speaker 1: Mm-hmm.
[00:13:17] Shoval: basically, you heard about our experience. logical thing from our perspective to do it's to go back to
[00:13:23] Speaker: Mm-hmm.
[00:13:29] Shoval: the foundation and to the infrastructure and to the network
[00:13:34] Speaker 1: Mm-hmm.
[00:13:35] Shoval: same we saw like we talking with a lot of CISO and security leaders and we understand that the network in big companies is super complex like is fragmented
[00:13:47] Speaker 1: Yep.
[00:13:52] Shoval: chassis firewalls different vendors like all is a mess and we are trying to understand like how security teams actually managing network risk across
[00:14:01] Speaker: Mm-hmm.
[00:14:03] Shoval: all of it
[00:14:05] Speaker: Wait.
[00:14:05] Shoval: so we usually like love to to give this to the people we are talking to and here is take about it Because so my grease I'm not love to hear what you think about this specific statement. And how you think your customers are managing the risk in their network, not only the cloud network, but also in the cloud.
[00:14:32] Speaker 1: Yeah, this has been a pain in ass for lack of a bit of another technical term. I hope you don't mind the technical term. Every time that every company they've been a part of is to your point, you have different tools, different people, different ways of acquiring, navigating those problems. So you have the infrastructure for the offices and if you're global, then you're dealing with N plus one because every global place that you're in, you're going to have. to use the different vendors, you might be buying the same thing or you might not buy the same thing because this type of networking equipment can't be bought in insert name country for whatever reason. So you have to go with something else and then you have to go through a different way. So it's navigating the vendor space is a pain itself. If you were a hybrid, so you have your co- location, your own your own servers, you're dealing with another set of vendors, another set of headaches, and then the same thing for SAS. That's as much easier since it's much, you know this type of thing for AWS You can find a vendor fairly easy But one thing that doesn't scale is that there's the visibility across all of them in most companies that I work from a That ingested the data from all these locations was to just basically buy the thing that works. and then extract all the data into a data lake and then put yet another tool to sit on top of it to to do the alerting or at least like the ETL to like normalize the logs so that way you have something that your song or whoever does anything with the logs but it becomes so expensive because now you're maintaining you know a big data lake that is sitting on data breaks or snowflake or somewhere in AWS or whatever your your CSP is you have um you you need to figure out how to normalize the data you have to figure out how it interacts with all the rest of the security tooling that is given the telemetry and unless you're hyper focused in one sliver like okay I need infrastructure networking to solve that I need my office networking because I don't know for whatever reason we have things on prem like in office and I've seen you know the design team like they're moving around gigabytes worth of assets in pictures pdfs and whatever they don't want to upload it to the cloud right like it's it's it's too slow so you need to localize it and other teams are like well we're gonna develop you know on prem and then we're gonna move to cloud because it's easier to you know run a Jenkins job locally rather than the cloud so you have all these different ways of accomplishing similar things you know at the end of the day, most companies that you're going to interact with have a SaaS product and how that SaaS gets cooked differs vastly. But they're, what I'm trying to get to is that from a networking security, not only do you have a slew of vendors complexity of those systems than to administer. of those systems. And I haven't seen anything to normalize all the noise into something that is coherent because most of the, at least the SMBs, networking is more like, oh, can we access, you know, like our VPC in AWS? Cool, all right, networking security done. But in reality, it's much more complex for that. And once the company grows by not having good controls around networking and like. The keeping things contained, it gets really messy. And I've seen, I've been a part of lots of networking related headaches at the various startups that I've been a part of. So I know it hasn't been, and I don't think that it hasn't been solved yet.
[00:18:17] Speaker 2: I can understand that you didn't see this kind of tool that consolidates all the network tools and network stack to a single point that makes sense for the complex network. But do you think it's a painful point for customers? Like we know that there's no tool like that, but we don't know if it's a painful thing for customers and big companies. but we don't know if it's a painful thing for
[00:18:49] Speaker 1: It's a huge pain in the butt because the only way that you get to consolidate is to go through a big vendor. So like Palo Alto or Cisco. I'm sure there's others that have yeah --. Checkpoint.
[00:19:05] Speaker: Right.
[00:19:05] Speaker 1: And they're going to sell you the gateway, they're going to sell you the switches, all the components that you're going to put across your network that you own in your offices, right? You're going to pay a crazy -- like they're going to give you the hardware for free and then you're going to pay like, you know, $30,000 to $50,000 per networking device to Palo Alto or whomever. Are you going to get $50,000 worth of service? Hell no. You're being taken advantage, but that affects the network. The way that everything works together is that's where you have the value. By the end of the day, you're spending, you know, half a million to just have everything in the same console. So it is a huge pain in the butt. But because there is nothing that I'm aware of that can interact with whatever networking you have deployed wherever it is and talk the same language. Right? So you can't deploy like even Cisco, like they're like, oh, you can deploy a Cisco switch in AWS and you're like, what the why? Like what value does that bring? Like, like nobody's going to go into a TPR and conversation and say like, oh, yeah, we have Cisco firewalls in AWS. Like, it's, it's, it's, it's just the name recognition. But what I'm trying to get to is that this has been a, like a pain in the butt. And it's not getting, it's not being fixed because or I guess it was getting normalized. because companies were going to the cloud, but now there's this like, we're in the cloud, but we also need to keep things on-prem or hybrid to some extent. And I have friends that went on the cloud journey and then they got the bill from Anthropic and they're like, oh, we can't afford this. So they moved all of their AI usage on-prem. Huge shift, you know, bought all these servers. So they have somebody who's managing them for them, but it's like, after the investment, The --- the cost goes down, but now all the tooling that they have that was sitting in AWS can no longer be deployed locally. And if you can, it's like, you know, some vendor that can do it, but it's not as good or it's like an add-on feature, you know, it's like an acquisition that has been just slapped on. Anyways, the point is that the complexity of how companies evolved with their infrastructure story, let's call it that, has is changing. it's changing and is going to change more and more. So whatever the case is, IT for management perspective, finance from paying for stuff, and security, all of them are going to have a collective headache of how all of this is going to work.
[00:21:45] Shoval: I ever like Do you hear a lot about customers that moving their AI into on- prem environment?
[00:21:53] Speaker 1: Not a lot, but a few. So what I've seen, a
[00:21:55] Shoval: Big companies, small companies.
[00:21:56] Speaker 1: few things that I've seen, I would say kind of smaller on the enterprise scale. Some of the bigger ones, you know, assigned enterprise deals so they can like, they can do a logo share, right? So like, you know, open AI plus, you know, ACME, and they use the API. But they have the first three years at a very low token cost, and it's going to go through the room. Thereafter. What I've seen is a shift from going from an API call to hosting the models in Vertex, Foundry, or Bedrock. So And then secondly, using open weight models locally where it makes sense. sense, so that way you're not constantly using that API, to spell check your email or to translate your post or whatever. And I've seen a lot of chase after that. And at the last company I was at, they're constantly getting into issues because you have to manage that on-prem model. and it's, you have to like figure out how to use it. You go back to the thin client days and how do you make it accessible, secure, accessible globally so that you don't have to be in the office to use it and basically by fixing the monetary problem, i.e. we're spending too much on AI and moving it locally, you create another set of problems that you're gonna fix by throwing money at it. So we need a better VPN, open VPN doesn't work. So we're gonna go to Zscalers. going to cost 300 to half a million to get everybody on Z Scalar. Anyways, all of that to say is by trying to fix one problem, you create another. And it's like a whack-a-mole when it comes to usage of AI. Because in a week, a month, I don't know, half a year, we're going to have a completely different story. Because the way to do things is going to change so much that we ourselves are going to be like, oh, remember when we're talking about this? oh ", we're so naive, right?" So I think that, right, like, it's everybody's chasing the new ways of doing things and others are, there's a lot of FOMO. So if you're not chasing, you know, Oh ", we need, oh, one agent is cool. How about that? we have one agent talk to five agents, about 50 agents, and like do multi-threaded approach, like we have the tools but now everybody's doing it and then they see their their bill and they go holy crap like okay maybe this isn't the most cost- efficient way of doing it. But the conversation to save money is coming more and more given the token-based billing and the lack of reliance on open-ended API calls and moving it to more localized deployments, whether it be on-prem or within the CSPs own little arena for AI models.
[00:25:27] Shoval: So, I see we are almost on time, so I want to share with you a bit more about what we are exactly exploring.
[00:25:34] Speaker: Yeah,
[00:25:34] Shoval: Actually your first intuition was
[00:25:35] Speaker 1: please.
[00:25:37] Shoval: exactly our intuition, the fact that you have so many tools, sites, networks to manage and you don't have a way to create visibility and understand the risk well is exactly where we are at it. It's actually you gave us a great insight about the fact that to create these in-house costs a lot of money for our organization. It's actually the first time we hear this
[00:26:04] Speaker: Mm-hmm.
[00:26:05] Shoval: and it's super, super, super valuable. So basically that's the area we're exploring. We do hear kind of mixed signals there, but a lot recently around that.
[00:26:16] Speaker: Mm-hmm.
[00:26:17] Shoval: that this is a real problem that wasn't solved well yet. So we are moving into a validation slowly and we would love to keep you in the loop, stay in touch and share with you more as we move forward in our research and to hear your feedback about our journey and our, like, will be product.
[00:26:47] Speaker: Mm-hmm.
[00:26:47] Speaker 1: No, that sounds exciting. So just to be clear, y'all are like sort of have a thesis of what you should build and you're validating that thesis right now or have you built something and exactly kind of doing both.
[00:27:01] Speaker 2: we're talking with CSOS and we're researching the problems over the network area and we're building our thesis and validating it. And this is part of the validation, research, exploration and talks where?
[00:27:20] Speaker 1: Excellent. No, I'm more than happy to provide my time here y'all out. Also feel free to say Z, you're talking too much. I need to listen as well. But yeah, no, one thing I was gonna ask is, do you have plans on,
[00:27:38] Speaker 2: since
[00:27:40] Speaker 1: there's a lot of startups, What's up? of exciting interesting people like have you gone through any of the conferences to kind of get a vibe check there meet people in person and so on so forth?
[00:27:54] Shoval: so not yet, we just started a month ago and things went very well. Like in Israel we do, "tfu, tfu, tfu."
[00:28:04] Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah.
[00:28:06] Shoval: Because I just want to make sure we are okay on time because we just--
[00:28:09] Speaker 1: I don't have anything unless y'all have something else.
[00:28:12] Shoval: So - basically we started a month ago, we just started to explore this hypothesis and we saw like things moving fast and we get great feedback about it. So we did not had the chance yet, but we We hope and sure that we will do it in the future
[00:28:32] Speaker 1: Okay, I want one month in. Okay. No, that's that's great. One thing that I
[00:28:38] Speaker 2: I'm a genius product manager. I'll ask the good questions.
[00:28:44] Speaker 1: No, but what what I found is that like going to conferences and being more entrenched, especially since just like most companies, you're going to find success with SMBs or enterprises that are, you know, that your founders, you know, connect you to and I depend on what I'm trying to get to is that after you validate what needs to be, What's the gap in the market? ensure that whatever you're building can be sustained because the scrutiny from enterprise customers is gonna be much higher given the touch points of your solution versus more smaller enterprise, larger SMBs, if it's a SMB, I can be large because it's small, medium. Okay, chunkier SMBs, let's go with that. There's no way I'm going to be able to do this. There might have a need and they might not have the budget. So finding a balance of how do you satisfy that need is going to need to be validated. And one way you can do validation is by having those interactions while everybody's around. during like RSA or Black Hat or, you know, there's even Black Hat Asia, which is like what in the summer, no, yeah, summerish. Anyways, my suggestion is that not only do you meet with folks like myself, but also be there and get people in person because it's much easier gonna be chased, like chase them down in person rather than, you know, oh, you know, another meeting came up, oh, a customer this or that, since I'm sure that you have to be very flexible. it's possible on your end to make all these meetings.
[00:30:38] Shoval: Yeah, that's actually a very good tip.
[00:30:39] Speaker 1: Yeah.
[00:30:41] Shoval: And we will-- as I mentioned, we hope and we sure will be and attend to those conferences. Actually you had a sentence that like if you have a few more minutes, I have a question
[00:30:54] Speaker 1: Yeah.
[00:30:56] Shoval: about it because you mentioned like big companies and also small medium businesses and I'm wondering because like our hypothesis is focused on big, okay? Organizations because we understand that there, that network is complex. Do you think you can give value also for small and medium businesses?
[00:31:13] Speaker: Yes.
[00:31:18] Speaker 1: It depends. I would say not like the very small ones because they don't have the scrutiny from regulators, investors or customers. Once you have that need to show that you have your shit together again technical word. once that you have that need for the business, that's when you start procuring solutions to get that check mark, get that approval, get that whatever. So the smaller businesses might have a problem, but they might not be Aware that it is a problem have the money to to pay for it And they're also worried about plus there are other things that they're it's not on top of mine Whereas you have some external pressure from those three things that I mentioned or maybe fourth thing that I can't think of But best things come in threes Then you are gonna start looking for something at the same time to answer your question from an enterprise perspective You know that this is a problem. You're wasting so much money across all of these different tools The difficulty for you will be to show that you have your ducks in a row, that you can abide by the contract, the SLAs, the net payment terms, all the fun contracting stuff. But then also from a security perspective, you can say, hey, look, all of our current has been in security. We know this like the back of our hand, but that's not good enough because they're gonna be asking for certification. You're gonna be asking to fill out questionnaires. You have to secure your own company very tightly. It's much easier when you're small, but the willingness of a big enterprise player to go with somebody who is unproven, there's a lot of scrutiny and a lot of things that you'll need to jump through. And what I've seen works really well is if you have some investors or somebody who's bridging that gap that can put you in the conversation and you might not be replacing a tool, but you might be, you know, maybe what you could look for is, you know, a design partner. So that way you can say like, okay, your complex network is exactly the problem that we're trying to solve. can we work together, we'll provide our service for free for X amount of time, and you get that design to validate, constantly validate what you're building. I've worked with several different startups in that capacity. It's like we can't get you to do the thing that we need you to do, but let's bring you a part of our journey earlier on, build a product to our needs as well as your customer needs, but mostly our needs, and then we'll replace once you have your security story, your maturity story together. One thing that you could look for is somebody that you're chummy enough with that has the problems that you're gonna solve. and a way to just get a foot in the door, because then you can say, okay, we have been working with Acme for the last six months, nine months, year, whatever, and they have provided crucial feedback, blah, blah, blah, and that's why we built X and Y and Z. So that way you have somebody who's validating, and you're not one of those startups that is just building shit because, some PM thought it would be a great idea, but there's no market fit, or Building things that somebody else has already built and you're just covering the 10% That really doesn't matter where there's the 90% that somebody else has figured out that it's difficult to build So that validation is gonna go a long way and having the necessary, you know advisory board having the necessary Little circles that you're part of slack groups, you know, LinkedIn people Just having the network effect and listening and then saying okay, I Hear you, but I don't want to hear you because it's not like knowing when to stop listening to people because They might Should I say this? There's a lot of us that just like here.
[00:35:27] Shoval: Defocusing you.
[00:35:28] Speaker 1: What's that? Right, right, right, right or they're, they're trying to figure out a way to solve their issues instead of providing advice. Like this is what I see across my peers rather than this is a problem for me because a lot of security folks DevOps folks, they're, they're, they're still in the the minds of Mimi Mi or us us us. Instead of looking at it like, oh, I have talked to this person who works in this type of company in this industry. They have, you know, a very similar problem. You should talk to them. Look for people that can help you network as much as possible because that network will lead to a getting a foot in the door, maybe not now, but maybe in some time. And secondly, getting that broad feedback from different industries, different geographies, different size companies that you'll need to validate. Um, I'm not saying it's impossible to go for that enterprise market. It's just the scrutiny is much higher and if you're prepared to meet that scrutiny, you know, go invest in the necessary controls for your organization. Get all the different certificates and reports, pen tests and whatever. So you can say like, look, we've done our homework. Like our homework looks good. Like your poise for success rather than going like, hey, we're just a startup. We don't know what we're doing. You know, let us deploy in your corporate infrastructure, LOL. Like that is a harder sell than we have our stuff together. Let let us partner up since it is super difficult. Landing in big enterprises unless they are being pushed by a common investor, or you're there just to solve their specific problem. But then if you solve their problem, and don't look at how that can be replicated elsewhere, you're basically creating like a... a pillard solution that cannot be replicated elsewhere, right?
[00:37:38] Shoval: this morning. So that's amazing that you're saying that. We discussed about the other peers and started that. We are saying here that do too much stuff that customize themselves to a specific customer. So that's super insane that you are mentioning it right now.
[00:37:58] Speaker 2: And you're not only a sister, you're a talent and product also.
[00:37:58] Speaker: Yeah.
[00:38:03] Speaker 1: No, I've seen this. One of the things that a lot of folks later in their career, like myself, don't do a good job of is giving back to the community in some way, shape, or form. And I feel like I don't want to be in forums. I don't want to pay a membership and go, you know, kumbaya. I like working with startups and I've seen the challenges, especially going from self to like, you know, your seed funding. it is very difficult to get The necessary feedback and you're doing it now. You're not even talking about like, oh, we talked to such a set of VCs. You're not even talking about like the financial organization, right? You're you're already like that's adorable needs of your, your upcoming Let's let's figure out what the problem is and I think that's a very good stuff because some startups I work with like Oh, this is a problem that everybody has without doing the validation without doing the interviews They they slap AI, you know get a hundred grand as their seed round like, oh yeah, we're gonna sell like that. And in reality, they're not because it's not that easy. Although I will say if you slap AI to whatever you end up doing, yeah. But yeah, I hope that was of value.
[00:39:26] Shoval: Totally -, totally.
[00:39:26] Speaker 1: Yeah.
[00:39:27] Speaker 2: It's very valuable for us. It was a very interesting I - think of the session.
[00:39:31] Shoval: Yeah -, also from the security perspective and also, and from the product perspective.
[00:39:31] Speaker 1: Yeah.
[00:39:36] Shoval: And I like to manage and build a product that gives a real value. And that's exactly what we're looking for right now.
[00:39:42] Speaker: Mm-hmm.
[00:39:43] Shoval: So I really appreciate the fact that you saw that.
[00:39:48] Speaker 1: Yeah, of course.
[00:39:50] Shoval: Cool. So Z, we won't take more of your time. As I mentioned, we would love to stay in touch and share more about our journey. And actually, I will be a bit in Israel, we call it "hutzpah" and like, you know, push a bit too hard, maybe. But since you mentioned your work with startup, if you hear about like,
[00:40:09] Speaker: Yeah.
[00:40:14] Shoval: CISOs that are interested in those kind of solutions around network visibility, work visibility. And like managing those network stock from a risk and security perspective.
[00:40:23] Speaker 1: Mm-hmm.
[00:40:25] Shoval: You know, we would love to include them in our journey and to help them solve their problem with our, like, resources.
[00:40:35] Speaker 1: Sure, I can think of a few forms where I can mention it. So just reach out to me, I don't know, whenever you get bored and we can have a chat, see what I come up with. And if anybody mentions it in my network, I'll send them your way to have a chat.
[00:40:52] Shoval: Amazing. We'll super appreciate it.
[00:40:53] Speaker 2: Thank you so much.
[00:40:56] Speaker 1: Of course, all right, well, it looks like it's evening time over there, so I won't keep it from your evening activities. I can't imagine that it's easy, but but at least you have a very quiet Sunday.
[00:41:17] Shoval: we do have.
[00:41:18] Speaker 1: Yeah, since we like working at Wiz, like I'm like, oh, like you, not only are the afternoons very quiet, but like Friday is also like super quiet. Like I can get stuff done. Oh -, it's amazing. the global nature, I think, I love the international aspect and working within different cultures, different time zones. And I know it's difficult for y'all, but I'm sure that you get to sleep in every morning. So, Blake, I'm envious of that. All right, very cool. All right, well, I'll leave you all there and best of luck until we meet again.
[00:41:55] Speaker 2: Z, thank you so much.
[00:41:57] Speaker 1: Of course. All right, All - right, cheers y'all.
[00:41:59] Speaker 2: Good - day.
[00:42:00] Speaker 1: Bye bye.
