Date: 2026-09-18
Topic: Network Security Startup Advisory
Drive File ID: 1HX9A0hpQZ_js7Nam60N8nskrdzw7AKpk
Source: google-drive-pdf

[00:00:00] Shoval: Hello. Hey,
[00:00:01] Speaker 1: Shalom.
[00:00:02] Shoval: Hello. What a surprise, how did you get here?
[00:00:08] Speaker 1: Be'achlet, Be'achlet. Tskon Kul Kabat Shalom. Be'sel gammu.
[00:00:16] Shoval: What's your name? in the US, right?
[00:00:21] Speaker 1: Nachon.
[00:00:23] Shoval: Where?
[00:00:23] Speaker 1: Nachon.
[00:00:25] Shoval: In Charlotte, North Carolina.
[00:00:25] Speaker 1: Be'sharlot. Naut Krolaina.
[00:00:27] Shoval: Oh, nice. Cool. That's really cool. We always have fun talking to friends. We've heard what's going on.
[00:00:38] Speaker 1: Be'achlet. Be'ach. Gammani and Gammishti. And two of our four children were born in Israel. We went to the US 25 years ago, because I started to do a doctorate. In the United States, in Israel, we were two years old, and we came back here, but in a more specific way,
[00:01:09] Shoval: in the local area,
[00:01:12] Speaker 1: we lived more than half of our lives in Israel.
[00:01:16] Shoval: Nice. So, after that, the meeting was held on the way to George, which is how I thought. And then I realized that there was a conflict, and I realized that it was really his job. So we are happy that we were able to get to know you. I saw myself, I saw myself as a volunteer at the Lengden camp before, and that's how it was. I think that's how I will tell you a little about our experience with this conversation. We work on our startup. And we'll watch another video.
[00:01:55] Speaker 1: Mm-hmm. Besimcha. Besimcha.
[00:02:12] Shoval: speaking in foreign language
[00:02:12] Speaker 1: Can? Can? Can? Bye.
[00:02:22] Shoval: So as I said, I'm going to start our startup. I'm Shobal, I've been in Cyberspace for 10 years. I started in 1982. I'm not sure you know. I'm also in the Carless company. We both worked in Maduro, DevOps and 4.9 sales. So it's a little bit like a cybersuit from the 80's. In fact, you can also apply for Devops Engineers, but also a lot of security services, in the end it's cyber services, the security services for cyber services, so you have to keep them super secure. I worked for 5.5 years, I graduated from CERN, and then I did a little shift to the world of new and new. I hope that already in the army, I will have all these resources, so I can get closer to business. It's really what I did later, I started with the Perception Point. In the world of Workspace Security, I worked there with all the detection skills, and there were other challenges. And then the machine learning started, and then of course AI. We built agents, before we read them all. it was super cool. The company was known for Fortinet and what's more, I continued with another company called CoiceQ, also in the endpoint industry, great companies, also very, very, very new in how we used AI. This company was also known for its Palu Alto, I left it a bit it was like a cement, it was a cube, to say okay, so it's a good thing that he's a really good friend from the IDA, and now we want to go on an ideation, and that's it, I'm going to be with you in the same place, but the way we're going is like, it's a little bit different, but very different, And it doesn't mean you have to be a little bit more serious.
[00:04:33] Speaker 2: NON-ENGLISH SPEECH Wow. OK. OK.
[00:04:43] Speaker 1: LAUGHTER
[00:04:43] Shoval: Great.
[00:04:45] Speaker 2: What you said were good things, we thought about it I can't remember I was on the phone the other day and I said "I'm going to the hospital, let's start" It was like that, there was a big dream of mine since I was a kid We met at the hospital, I was at the hospital in the bottom of the hospital, I was just walking around the hospital. that does the work in the form of sales, I had a Shovell's room there and we did one of the projects that are really interesting. In this project, Shovell really broke the product management, understanding the needs and problems and what to develop. I developed the development and sales and how we understand the way. One of the big things we really spread in many areas that were in the facilities, the criteria that we have there. There was a really bad situation, and really annoying, and after we had these big projects, I was able to be the head of the team, and after a few more years, I was able to be the head of the team, And that's it for today. Thank you for watching. to bring forth the four.
[00:05:58] Shoval: Spanish
[00:06:06] Speaker 2: There was a really annoying situation, and really annoying, because it's a generation of 40 people, it's five teams, and to bring forth the criteria of 4.9, the 4.9, the production, and the home-made team, and it was a project of both 24/7, to make strategies, to make the things that happen here and now, and to work with these things in a single and indirect way. It was super cool, because it was really cool and it was a great experience for people from different industries. It is said that many industries are different. one of the most interesting events there. And then I got involved, I chose the best event. I realized that I was left with the technology, so my help is, I'm going to give it my all, and that's what I enjoy, by creating the projects. And I chose to get involved in, to understand how I manage to manage such scale in the outside, in the inside, when there is a difference in the results, which is different from the outside. And I went to Paragon, which is a cyber-israeli company. was the engineer, I had 25 workers, 3 soldiers. We developed the development there for the T-kishore tests that are held on the side of the power. And how we operate them and how the power of the Paragon operates.
[00:07:28] Shoval: speaking in foreign
[00:07:30] Speaker 2: We have to go to the Paragon and
[00:07:32] Shoval: language
[00:07:34] Speaker 2: if we can't say goodbye, we're going to the Salomey. We said we had to go. How long did it take?
[00:07:39] Speaker 1: It was the same time that Elias and Daniela left or later?
[00:07:43] Speaker 2: No, in the year after. I was a little late, a year after.
[00:07:47] Speaker 1: Okay.
[00:07:49] Speaker 2: Yes, we left.
[00:07:51] Shoval: I will tell you.
[00:07:51] Speaker 2: Good evening.
[00:07:56] Speaker 1: I'm going to do an introduction to myself. Ionik Rplansky, I'm the deputy CSO at FICO. At FICO I'm the director of the Architecture and Engineering, the group that I'm working on, the whole technology stack that we have in Cybert. of Merlin, teammate YL and CyberStart. I work with startups with Israelis. What can help, especially as part of the ADAsian, some of whom I work with as an
[00:08:55] Shoval: advisor group, some of whom I am a member of,
[00:08:55] Speaker 1: advisor, some of whom I work with,
[00:08:58] Shoval: but I am very proud of the
[00:08:58] Speaker 1: but very much in the community and the Israeli ecosystem.
[00:09:05] Shoval: Nice. Let's go to the left.
[00:09:06] Speaker 2: I -'m not sure I'm gonna leave.
[00:09:07] Speaker: no
[00:09:09] Shoval: Cool. It's really funny, it's really funny. I feel like Cyber starts to connect with everyone, even from the other side.
[00:09:18] Speaker 2: audio no audio right, that's right, we're dealing with you.
[00:09:35] Shoval: because you're Israeli, but... Yes -. - It's a lot of fun, but that's it. Cool, so I'll give you a little bit of what we're working on. It's really funny, we talked about it today, in the morning, I'm sure, that we're so excited in this English language that we have to translate it more in Hebrew.
[00:09:54] Speaker 1: No.
[00:09:58] Shoval: Really. And I'm really looking forward to your comments, even at the beginning of our journey, and not to be moved, because I feel like it's really a friend. So, I'm looking forward to our interview in the network area, so there are two people,
[00:10:09] Speaker 1: Mm --hmm.
[00:10:14] Shoval: an infrastructure, and it was clear that it would change how the investments are going to be, whether it's in the market, whether it's in the market, also a little bit of their predictability, so that they would know how many pictures and how much you know when you're going to show up. And we, as the women, said well, the right thing in these cases is to go back to the rules, so that at the moment you're playing the rules of your really, really good. with a few and a few of the stories and stories. And I think we specifically went to the network area. We got signals of such a... very difficult to understand what is happening in my network, especially in the areas that are complex, such as the site, IMMONPREME and CLOUDBYACHAN. But we didn't feel that way. We talked about the risk perspective. How do you see the risk, how do you handle the risk? Especially in the operational areas. And we received signals like this. I don't know. We can't go there, it's not top of mind. There are other things that are top of mind. When I was a beauty, we realized it's too late to go there. Then we went back to the main question. We said to ourselves, Wait " a minute, we started with the different types of equipment." And that's what everyone agreed on. Everyone said the different types of equipment. It looks different, the speed machine. Okay, what's your problem? It's not a speed machine and you need to control it. So we looked at it from both sides, from the detection side. Here we also received signals like this. Some said that they created a really good detection signal. and as soon as it was turned off, I did it the other side said it doesn't work with human speed it doesn't talk about machine speed but what has returned to itself in these two places together is that the process after the signal Oh It's a very common thing to do in the speed machine, that many times when the entire process of the investigation is signed, and the remediation, and what we do with it, and how we do it, and how we make sure that the remediation is really written, and we do validation of it, that everything is fine, and we actually get all the findings, and all the detections that are available, there, things start to sound a little different, many times they talk about the process of knowledge, We'll that take a little longer. And this is what we find out. I think this is a specific thing, if you're a resident of the area, there are some restrictions. I think we'll continue from there.
[00:13:08] Speaker 1: Overall, the network security area is almost three months ago. Half a year ago, I talked to each of the leaders on what they wanted to do, we would talk about all the issues that would be disturbing. Network security was one of the issues, if not the first one. That's why I'm satisfied now. I can say that when I hear about the three start- ups, that are based on security network. One of them is of Elias, Daniel and Alad. There is another group, Amir, Jerby and Benji, who were in ACWA, that are based on it. There is also gain security, can Mr. Clemban also shell a shell network. Um be a type of amuse. Now it is the whole and there is also the orb that is also used in the network security. This is a very important point. Now, the main thing is that the device is not a type of amuse. Now, the disk is a disk. I'm a director of Orb, I worked in the startup of Elias, Daniel and Elad. But in any case, everything we're talking about is between us. I want you to feel the same way.
[00:14:49] Shoval: In the case of both startups, they are very good friends, so we also share them.
[00:14:58] Speaker 1: Yeah -. detection or detection prevention. It's like trying to figure out what is the direction you are going. Another point I hear a lot about is that it's a very difficult to explain. It's a... it's... What is the value of two, two, two, two, one. Things I liked, if it was very much said, it really is how to synthesize, to create the messaging in a way that is very, that can understand and explain what they do and how they do it. So I would like to hear, hear the tip more to understand the direction, and above.
[00:16:56] Speaker 2: I would like to take this a little zoom out, and also to the network. Here we are very much talking about the network, because it is part of the services' areas, and we started there. But in the services, there is another example, which is a network that can also be used. And how do we do it, when we say, in fact, there was a more detailed version, We're that if we are looking at the sufficient services, then we know how to prevent more. and maybe also in real time. And all the process of having detection, and after that, there is a process that we want to happen on our devices. So in the end, we don't just use the network, we also use identity and... Petsh, which we need to do, there are also processes that need to be read. And we will be interested if you think that this kind of investigation is really about these processes, or the work in these processes, if you think it is an interesting direction.
[00:18:04] Shoval: Yes.
[00:18:05] Speaker 1: I will ask you another question. I don't think there's anyone who is familiar with the world of post-mitos, patching is the way to address people.
[00:18:18] Shoval: hatching is a way to be used in the world.
[00:18:22] Speaker 1: Because there were many more exploits than there are today. The ability to create exploits were much more effective. So the way of the community to support it needs to be a kind of a direction that is called virtual patching. that simply requires to take the time to reach the friends, until... Whether they can make a patch and they can address it or they can make sure that they are not vulnerable to the specific exploit. Now, I'm going to show you the video. The content of the Exploid Verification, Validation, Remediation is quite rare now. There are many other companies that do this. There are companies that have UVM in the past, today and in the future, that have technology that they can do. The Exploid Verification is relevant to you. Validation, the vulnerability that is in some attack path that I relevant to the critical asset that you have in the organization. And in terms of remediation, between it is virtual patching or between it is patching.
[00:20:05] Shoval: All the organizations that come to say that we can do...
[00:20:05] Speaker 1: that we can do. impact analysis, and give the best way to do the remediation. Is this part necessary? Yes. And I am satisfied with your decision that this is the part that is necessary. The real question is what is the key differentiation that can lead to the problem and I think I'm gonna be able to share with you what I'm talking about. Zafran or Astellia do, or other organizations that are in the same direction or different, organizations that they can do, and that is actually key. Yes, there is a need for this. This is the only way to deal with the issues and concerns of the future. The question is, what is the big differentiation that you can come to the conclusion.
[00:21:18] Shoval: is a big problem, the question that we are now dealing with, now and try to understand what is happening. specific place, if we talked about network, if we talked about vulnerability, it doesn't go to a specific place in these areas, kind of to be your security, your assistant or employee, not assistant. Of all the signals you receive, I can wait to see what happens, to share with you the message, to share with you, to share with you, to share with you. in all kinds of ways. It really looks like the right thing to start with, because it's a specific point of view. If you see fish, you want to know if it's really...
[00:22:22] Speaker 2: Yeah.
[00:22:22] Shoval: It's a very big category, not necessarily starting from there, we heard about friends who started with the identity of these people,
[00:22:23] Speaker 2: But back to you.
[00:22:33] Shoval: but we feel that, and it's really interesting to hear what you think about it, because there are many companies that make you work flow. They come to give you a message. security workflow in an agent way we are doing it with something that really connects to what we hear from the systems, the processes, the techniques if it's really a physical process or it's a little bit like this, then you know everything.
[00:23:50] Speaker 2: We always prefer to move forward. This is one thing that has been with us for a while. We had the same thing in the network. I will also try to remember it. If you want to tell me about Daniel.
[00:24:16] Shoval: incomprehensible to really get these benefits, to eat them in my diet. And really, now that I say that, it also connects me to another thing that the CSU said to us, it really starts the way of this "I do the \#1 priority, maximum \#2" I can't tell you what happened to them, I feel like until today, it was a kind of make sense. And now everyone understands that if there is something that is wrong, Agent will find it. So that's how these worlds are.
[00:24:58] Speaker 2: I will mention what I wanted to say. When we started and talked only about the network in the beginning, and the security network before we went to the administration, we had conversations with people who told us what is different from what you are talking about, and between secret agents. When we started and talked only about the network at the beginning,
[00:25:19] Shoval: that from the 1950s, they still open all the time and no one will
[00:25:20] Speaker 2: and the security network before we went to the
[00:25:22] Shoval: tell them. And today, it's a great opportunity because Agen, who is 24, is trying to get you
[00:25:24] Speaker 2: end of the video, we have a lot of questions. and then it goes to the security office. I have a policy in Firewall that they didn't really tell me to be there, because it opens up with a network engineer, and he had to do this temporary with an expiration date. And he had to hurry. So from the security context, from the ticket that was, from the request, from the time he came in, we can understand, since we don't need it anymore. And it's a bit of a mess, a bit of a mess, but the result of it in the end doesn't come to the security office, because I have these two. be doing if you're not doing it.
[00:26:04] Speaker 1: There are
[00:26:08] Shoval: two types of friends who are involved in these things. One is friends who are
[00:26:08] Speaker 1: two types of companies today that are involved in these things. One of the companies is companies that, with someone's statement, create security agents, or create a platform that, in cyber groups, can create the agents they want. Guardiant is one of Maryland's companies, which is, according to her mission statement, to create a platform that, or security law, can create a security agent, which really can do everything you want. Alpine of Cyberstart, which in other words, we want to go and solve this problem that you are talking about. But first of all, we come from the point of, here, of course, that we have a smart CMDB. And then we are able to see all the things,
[00:27:30] Shoval: both the security and security.
[00:27:30] Speaker 1: the mistakes and not mistakes, and we can also come and read your message and see things that are not saying to be read, like the UDP package that you talked about. We can do an assessment of what the impact will be if it changes. Okay? And then it will change with the impact assessment. In general, if you think about it, it is also what Avallor tried to do at the time, to create the same data fabric that you actually receive all the input from all the IT security of your IT to one place. They created the first application of the vulnerability management of UVM and then they created the Ziskeller, but at least it was more of a
[00:28:40] Shoval: But the least is that it was not correct.
[00:28:42] Speaker 1: direction. FOREIGN
[00:28:56] Shoval: between these two things. Create this data that can be used to solve the vulnerability.
[00:28:59] Speaker 1: that can actually come and destroy things that are not supposed to be and from another side, to build the agents that can be used in all these things. At least more
[00:29:10] Shoval: SPEECH It makes sense. That's the point.
[00:29:11] Speaker 1: this direction.
[00:29:13] Shoval: You know, we'll be together
[00:29:16] Speaker 2: Yes, yes.
[00:29:16] Shoval: This is part of the story of the "Kibon" and "Rabaldet".
[00:29:19] Speaker 1: Now,
[00:29:20] Shoval: The
[00:29:21] Speaker 1: direction is direction.
[00:29:22] Shoval: is a direction of the future.
[00:29:26] Speaker 1: The point is that the implementation of something like that is very, very difficult. And why is it difficult? Because, Alif, you need to have a lot of connectors, because you need to bring a lot of data. You need to do the analysis data in a way that you can really store the things that are not required, but you can also understand what the impact would be to change them. Because changing the system in a way that was not successful is something that can be done in the trash, that you have in the same product, and that is the end of the road. So, to build a technology that knows how to take all the data points, analyze them, identify the riskier, or the required remediation things. Remediate them with minimum impact. It's difficult. If you succeed in doing that, I think it's like the Holy Grail, because it's something that is today a failure.
[00:30:50] Shoval: I just want to, before Yvonne,
[00:30:50] Speaker 2: I think it's difficult.
[00:30:51] Shoval: sorry, I just want to make Yoni's time level.
[00:30:56] Speaker 1: Yes, I have to go to the meeting.
[00:30:59] Shoval: No problem.
[00:31:00] Speaker 2: No, no. I'm just going to put the question aside. I think it's really a difficult decision. If we decide that it's a failure and that we're going there, and we understand that all the signs are really the indication of what we're going to do, then I think it's going to be a game changer. I think it's going to be a difficult decision. I think there are some who are willing to succeed in this decision, but I think we're going to change the image. It's going to be different, different from the game we have in the game, and we're going to do a remediation in this game.
[00:31:28] Speaker 1: I'm with
[00:31:28] Shoval: I'm going to be with you,
[00:31:29] Speaker 1: you.
[00:31:30] Shoval: and with this opportunity I'm going to be with you. I just put my game in the chat, my Gantan and my
[00:31:30] Speaker 1: Thank you. I just put my opinion on the chat and my opinion on FICO. I would like to continue talking to you. Feel free to text me and I would like to help with whatever is possible.
[00:31:52] Shoval: Yoni, thank you so much. It really helped us.
[00:31:53] Speaker 2: Thank you very much.
[00:31:56] Shoval: You were in the opening of the game with the Hebrew team, so it was really fun talking to
[00:32:02] Speaker 1: Thank you. Good luck, and long live the team. Bye.
[00:32:08] Shoval: Bye -. - Bye.
