Date: 2026-09-14
Topic: Stanford Cybersecurity and AI Strategy
Drive File ID: 1wGZF4R65sAzsg7RrrWSk2mzbM6_kWfYe
Source: google-drive-pdf

[00:00:00] Speaker 1: All right, okay. social security cars um
[00:00:08] Shoval: Oh -, perfect. -
[00:00:09] Speaker 1: yes, let me copy the link and I'll just send this to him. That'd be great. That's the only thing, and let's see what he says about that, of how, like, who's in chart, the responsibility, even though we talk about security, is everybody's job? Here comes Daniel. We could do introductions. Good morning, Daniel. You're on mute. It's a Monday morning. You're on mute. Good morning.
[00:00:42] Speaker 2: Good morning.
[00:00:43] Shoval: Hey -, Daniela, where are you?
[00:00:45] Speaker 3: Good, good.
[00:00:46] Shoval: Nice to meet you.
[00:00:48] Speaker: Yes. So.
[00:00:48] Speaker 1: Yes. Yes, I thought you were getting your coffee. Want to do some introductions, Daniel? Maybe you guys can introduce and then we'll have Daniel introduced.
[00:01:02] Shoval: Sure. Sure. I'll start. Okay. So nice to meet you. I'm Shaval and currently building my own company with Yuval. So basically we both started, I let Yuval give a little bit on himself, but we both started the unit 8200, which is basically the cyber operations unit of the Israeli army. We both serve them on technical roles, kind of DevOps engineer with a security engineer. We serve, I served for five and a half years. Also was a leader there and released as a captain and in the past six years and like that I'm a product manager because I did this shift because I always loved, you know, to understand problem, people problem, customer problem, to create real value. So that's what I'm doing in the past six years. I started in a cybersecurity company called Perception Point on the endpoint space. Mostly worked around out leveraging AI machine learning into detection capabilities. and my last war was... at a company also security company called Co-Esecurity. Amazing company that was acquired by Palo Alto. Also there was a product manager, worked a lot with AI and used AI to detect our great customers And as I shared, we are building a our company I can't hear you you vol you can't hear me I can't hear anyone I'm not sure if that's my problem wait a second
[00:02:53] Speaker 2: And I started at 80.
[00:03:01] Shoval: Oh my god. What did just happen?
[00:03:11] Speaker 2: I developed things and I did the tech stuff and was on the keyboard. I promoted to be a team leader. Actually, Shaval promoted me to be a team leader. And after a couple of years as a team leader, I promoted again to be the head of the DevOps and Infrastructure Department in 8200, specifically in 49 unit, if you know it. And there I led the 40 engineers. We ran large large scale networks, complete. It was like taking the security side and the infrastructure side and the developing side that we learned all those years and combined it to great platforms. After a long time in 8200, I finished the army and I started at Paragon which is in Israeli cyber company as a director of DevOps and SRE, led 25 engineers, developed networking solutions for Paragon's products and Paragon's customers. And that is about me. And we would love to hear about you, Shavalk. Can we still hear it?
[00:04:29] Shoval: Yes, I'm sorry. I don't know where I get lost. I talked to myself for a few minutes, I think.
[00:04:29] Speaker 2: Did you fix it? Yeah.
[00:04:31] Speaker: laughing
[00:04:36] Speaker 2: Yeah, I took it from there.
[00:04:38] Shoval: But did you hear most of it?
[00:04:40] Speaker 2: Let's hear about. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah -, we got most of it. Most - of it, it was the end. It was the end.
[00:04:48] Speaker 3: So - I'm Daniel Silverman. I am the Senior Lead Information Security Analyst here at Stanford. I'll give you the quick run through. So I started out at Givat Iplugat Shaked. Nice -.
[00:05:02] Shoval: Oh my God\!
[00:05:08] Speaker 3: My Son of Hanim. I have another son who's going to be going into HLAM. I came here after the Army, I was working for doing security there. Then I came to the United States and started doing computer stuff. My MCSE is from NT4.0, if that gives you a little bit of a timeline. I've been working since 2015 exclusively in cybersecurity and I came here to Stanford in 2019. And before that, I was at Ian J. Gallo, which is the world's largest wine and alcohol producer in the world. So it's been a fun ride.
[00:05:56] Shoval: Yeah, oh my god, we also assumed like Daniel Silverman is we assume it's anyway anyhow related So that's super funny and we wish your kids good luck to Jews to Israel. at their service.
[00:06:13] Speaker 2: And you can hear you. Good Hebrew.
[00:06:19] Speaker 3: My eldest son has been in reserve duty now. He's been up in Lebanon, so that's been interesting. But he says he's bored.
[00:06:33] Speaker 1: Yeah. And I will add to Daniel. Paul just sent me a message about our meeting, Daniel. I have to tell him I'm an Omen and whoever eats me. But anyway, I will add that Daniel has really a depth and breadth. I mean, as he said with NT 4.0, I think both of us are on the other side at the moment of just kind of seeing technology as it's grown, as it changed. And so there's that depth and breadth that he has a lot of visibility and insight and has a lot of information feedback to share from his experience. Yeah.
[00:07:11] Shoval: okay, so I think I will dive into the business and then maybe we could continue talking about what we just started let up before Daniel join. So Daniel we're sharing Leda first so protect our experience and research around the security we're exploring network security specifically. Basically you know the fact the AI change all the ecosystem matters think about not only about how organization need to secure their use of AI but how they should secure their self from attack that are based on AI, from machine speed attacks. And as you heard, we are infrastructure people, we love infrastructure, we understand it, and we believe those are the building blocks of security. Like when you're-- your fundamental layers are secure. That's a big step for your security program. And we started to think like big companies network are complex, fragmented. Usually you use a lot of tools, many vendors to protect your network. And we started to think how does it affect those new types of attacks? security stock will handle those and I will affect your visibility. and risk management inside your network. And that's actually what we started to talk about before. I give you a small disclaimer that we shared with Leta before that we talk about it with many CISOs, many security leaders, and we try to get signals, mixed fit signals, because the problem is exist we hear it from all of them but we don't really feel it urgent for them so this is as a small disclaimer I want to put but first I want to talk to you like about how you're managing risk and inside your like your network in Stanford. work.
[00:09:38] Speaker 3: So this is where it gets interesting. Higher education is unique. I'm not sure how it works in Israel with the Israeli universities, but at least in the United States and elsewhere in England. They're a federated, we're federated IT. So we actually have a CIO, our CISO, LIDA, myself, we have other IT admins, and we're simply a vertical underneath a larger umbrella.
[00:10:04] Shoval: Yeah.
[00:10:05] Speaker 3: So we have a very limited view of the network. We don't control everything. I wish we did sometimes, but unfortunately that's not the case. So in a lot of instances, we either have to rely strictly on what the university IT group is doing for security and procedures, processes, policies. And in other cases, we have the freedom to be able to move and within our lane, create our own environment and build ourselves out that way. One of the things that
[00:10:42] Speaker 2: we've done,
[00:10:43] Speaker 3: I think, since Lita started is We've been creating more defense in depth. So not everything is exposed to the outside. We've begun, I'd say maybe halfway through, we've really isolated a lot of our products, so our services. Either we've gone to a SaaS model, which is completely outside of our network, or if it's something that we host internally, it's only accessible by those who absolutely need it. And it's not the visibility of servers across the board. It's not like a flat network. So that's created that defense in depth. We've also been going through our permission structure for things like our file server and stuff like that, so that we eliminate any sort of crosstalk or ability for people to kind of step outside where they shouldn't be. We implemented dark trace what three years ago. I think
[00:11:44] Speaker 1: for. I think yeah, I'm trying to think of it from the 2020 I think we had it before 2020 or right around 2020.
[00:11:52] Speaker 3: Yeah,
[00:11:52] Speaker 1: we're in there so maybe six years ago. Yeah.
[00:11:56] Speaker 3: That's been a long time. So we implemented dark trace that I'm sure you guys are very familiar with their product. We're not plugging into their email. We're not plugging into any of their SAS stuff. We're doing strictly the network was detected in response with the antigena being fully implemented so that we can sleep at night. And if something unusual is happening, it will go ahead and block it and we'll get a call that somebody can't upload something or, you know, we've had a couple of cases. This is where we're actually doing legitimate work, particularly, I've got a particular admin who likes to stack stuff in scripts, and then like, and just let it rip, right, which is cool. I love that. But it, you know, the dark trace looks at it and goes, this is weird. Why are you doing this? This is abnormal. I'm I'm going to block it. I get calls from him on a regular basis like, "Hey, I'm about ready to do something. Can you keep an eye out?" So that gave us some unique visibility. The other thing we did was that we got threat down in- house. It was Malorbytes at the time. They really tried to position themselves sort of as a one-stop shop for everything. I would say they may not be the best in a particular product line, but they give us, because I consider ourselves a small to medium-sized business, right? We've got maybe a thousand employees. It would be like you're, typical enterprise, right? And so we have to do things in a manner where we may not get the best agreed of everything and have 55 different tool sets. We want to try to consolidate and utilize what we have to the maximum capabilities that we can. And that's a return on, that's an ROI there. And there's also the ability for us to say, "Hey, look, we're actually using this. It's It's helpful. we try to expose our tool sets also to our support team and to our enterprise infrastructure team so that they can utilize it as well because then it becomes cross functional with different groups. And so that works out well for us. Within the last year, I guess, AI is really sort of injected into the body. itself into our environment, not necessarily by our own doing either. Um, I don't know if Lita told you the story that we have a Slack channel for AI for Stanford and as soon as they released the models, everybody started asking, how do I move my chats over? And it was like, what do you mean, move your chats over? You shouldn't have been using it before we, we actually announced that it was acceptable. You should have been in, you should have been in our sandbox.
[00:14:48] Speaker 1: We should have been playing in the sandbox.
[00:14:49] Speaker: That's it.
[00:14:50] Speaker 3: And so, you know, when that happened, I just said, you know, I knew it was out there. I've been through audits and other things with large enterprises where you go through and you're looking for, I mean, have said what we used to call shadow IT, now it's shadow IT/A. AI, right?
[00:15:10] Shoval: Yeah.
[00:15:11] Speaker 3: What's to stop me from loading Fusion on my Mac and running Open Claw, right? Or some other MCP server that nobody knows about. Or I go and I buy a cheap MacBook Mini and I just plug it into the network and I'm off to the races. I make it relatively compliant, but I didn't. It was never approved and now I'm doing something completely off script, right? And I know it's out there. in our department because I like to say that our folks are really, really good. Most of the time. But yeah, most of the time. But I can say I'm almost a thousand percent certain that across Stanford as a whole, there are people running unsanctioned MCP servers. There are people that are logging into LLMs, which are not approved. And they're doing it using Stanford, Stanford data, which is kind of our big thing as we don't, you know, if I'm logging in and asking questions about, Hey, what happened during, you know, the, the, the seven day war in Israel, give me a history. That's asking to do a search on the way. I'm not sure if it's in the web to find history and for it, right? When you start uploading actual data, particularly if it's high risk data or anything that comes under governance whether it's FERPA or HIPAA or GDPR or anything like that That's when we start to really get worried because if you're not doing it using our enterprise account under the enterprise contract You know that the LOMs are learning off it. You know that that data is now out there And there's no control over that. And people, we know for a fact that people were doing that. And so it's like, now it seems like we're racing to try to catch up to grab and pull things back in and restrict that access. And so that's the big problem for us. When I say us, I'm talking Stanford is a whole, not necessarily residential dining enterprises. But I think that we're small enough too, and I've gotten feedback from others across Stanford that we could be very proactive and we move on stuff. We don't wait for Stanford to come around with a fully baked solution. We're like, hey, we're going to go out, we're going to find it, and we're going to bring it to you. And part of that is just because we don't want to wait.
[00:17:39] Shoval: You know, waiting,
[00:17:39] Speaker 3: And we're waiting, having things sit there in committee for ages, that's your death knell because something bad is going to happen between then and the time they can implement. So we need to be on top of them.
[00:17:53] Speaker 1: So why don't jump in here because I have a hard stuff in two minutes, but I think Daniel, you may be okay if you're okay, but you guys can talk because I know you have questions from the network side which Daniel can give you feedback. I just wanted to say when you mentioned earlier you know getting mixed signals. I think it's the you know from the CISOs that I speak to depending what their role is within the organization. I've met CISOs that are global ceaseless of vulnerability management and they're just looking at vulnerabilities and that's their world. And they may be a focus of an other area and they're like, well, that's not me. Like network security may not be them. It may be the, in the CIO, in some other area that's not their role. So that is one thing is just kind of understanding the, you know, what is in their portfolio that they cover, that they have insight into, that it may not, that it may not, that it is them, or because like Daniel said with AI, I mean that's been, I was at the dinner last week, everybody, it's like, when do you not say AI, right? When does that come into play? And it is for us right now, the end point, right? Cause ' like Daniel said, that the people are going and
[00:19:06] Shoval: you know,
[00:19:07] Speaker 1: did AI before they were supposed to be, with some of the tools and solutions. So that's just one thing that I wanted to add. But whatever the time works for you, I just need to drop in one minute. So yeah.
[00:19:18] Shoval: Thank you so much, Leda, for the feedback and for sharing this with us.
[00:19:20] Speaker 2: Thanks, Lita.
[00:19:23] Speaker 1: Yeah.
[00:19:23] Shoval: And I'm going to go from bringing Daniel to the call.
[00:19:28] Speaker 2: So
[00:19:31] Speaker 1: I'll drop off. And if you want to continue Daniel in your time, just need to reschedule, you know.
[00:19:36] Speaker 3: No problem.
[00:19:38] Speaker 1: Okay. Thank you.
[00:19:40] Speaker 3: I'm free till 1030 I think so.
[00:19:43] Speaker 1: Yeah, I think that's our media 1030 Daniel. Thanks.
[00:19:47] Shoval: Amazing.
[00:19:48] Speaker 3: Okay.
[00:19:48] Shoval: Cool. So I actually want to go
[00:19:48] Speaker 2: Okay.
[00:19:51] Shoval: back to what you shared because you shared some really interesting stuff and I want to go a bit to the beginning of what you shared about the new architecture you started to do to create
[00:20:06] Speaker 2: Like the least privileged approach in your network.
[00:20:09] Speaker 3: Yeah.
[00:20:10] Shoval: And the monitoring process you shared you have. Like I'm wondering if you shared that like there is one admin that love to do a lot of script so I'm wondering how this monitoring look like now when you have like AI running.
[00:20:27] Speaker 3: So in our case, it actually hasn't picked up like dark trace hasn't picked up anything. From a usage, but our AI, the folks that, like I use it pretty exclusively to build out like, I got like a NIST thing that we're mapping, right? So I'm like, okay, I need to search this website, this website, this website, this website, correlate it to what we're doing in NIST, right? and then helped me fill out that was big long for. That's not necessarily touching our data. Now I'm sure at some point, somebody is gonna be like, yeah, I want AI to go in and clean up something with data that's on a server somewhere. The other issue that we have as well, at least from an AI perspective is, a lot of our stuff is like, we use Oracle financials. Oracle financials is not hosted on-prem. I do not have access to the author. right? So it uses, it gets should with. I know they want to go. I think you've got like Azure and Shibwit, there's like a combination, but I think they're going to try to consolidate that in the future to something a little bit broader that will handle it all. But I don't have access to that. So as far as I'm concerned, if you're not logged into VPN or you're not on site going out, I have no visibility. You could be sitting there doing whatever with AI, connecting to Oracle Finances, even though they turn turned off the APIs, I can use the plug-in for Claude in Chrome, act like I'm logging into Oracle Finances, it's coming across port 443 just like I was logging in, right? It's acting as me with my username and password. And so as far as is as far as Oracle quite a bit of this is concerned, it's a human. Now it's a human that's going extremely fast, but it doesn't recognize that speed difference, right, that speed difference. So as far as the connection is concerned and data transfer, that's normal. That'll be ignored by dark trace. As far as threat down is concerned, threat down now has a plug-in. they're starting to do AI monitoring as well. Again, it's not best to breed. It's a little clunky and I've been trying. I actually had some meetings with their senior dev staff to try to point them in the right direction. But it's because also one of the things you'll learn about higher ed is we don't say no, right? If I was in a cell like back, I way back in the day I used to work for enterprise infrastructure for Intel. their online services group. And there it's like, no, you can't do this block, right? It was very simple. It was black and white. We own the network. We own the products. You can't do this. You're not going to do it. It's very easy to control when you're like that. Here in higher ed, you have faculty members who are then tied to donors who if they don't want to change their password and they want their password to be password on a lower case, you have to let them do it. And you have to figure out some other way to secure your network. That's like the simplest way to explain it. It's all about the squeaky wheels and the ones they tend to lean not towards security they lean towards simplicity. and use of use, and that's a problem. I mean, I worked for about a decade or so in a government contractor, so I spent a lot of time in classified spaces. In doing that,
[00:24:21] Shoval: really simple way to explain it. And that's
[00:24:23] Speaker 3: I became very, very hyper aware of security at that point. And
[00:24:29] Shoval: like the easiest way to explain it.
[00:24:29] Speaker 3: that was extremely important to me.
[00:24:29] Shoval: And that's like the easiest way to explain it. And that's like the easiest way to explain it.
[00:24:31] Speaker 3: It's like, hey, if we're not secure,
[00:24:32] Shoval: And that's like the easiest way to explain it.
[00:24:32] Speaker 3: nothing else really matters at that point. I mean, all of your intellectual property goes out the window, your product can get leaked. You have to fix this. AI has now made it that it's hyper-fast. So somebody-- and I don't mean to belittle our users, but I say it allows people to do stupid things at machine speed. It's a very simple-- it's like now, like I say, clean up my inbox. And it nukes my entire inbox, right? It goes, well, you asked me to clean it up. You didn't say how. In fact, there was somebody online. She posted a video. And it's about asking chatGPT to cut a sandwich, right? And so he starts cutting it long ways. Like, no, no, no, no, cut it in half. already starts, you know, and then it's like trying to describe I try to tell ChatGPT, which doesn't know exactly what you want it to. And I've learned that also in just doing my work with AI, that the more I work with a particular model, and the more I work with a specific subset of tasks, I get better at it, 'cause I know what to tell it. and it learns from the world. from me, right? So that interaction, it becomes a lot smoother. I've been able to dial in some of the tasks that I have to do. Because I have it. I have it go like I have cloud send me through co work, it sends me a daily brief every day. And it looks at my slack, it looks at my emails and my calendar and it tells me what's going on. Which allows me to catch up really quickly, but little things like that, like I've gone back and forth in that co work task and told it I want to refine this and how to do it. And I've gotten better at it. But a lot of people don't know that. And they can, and when they're connected to things like your financials or your HR or, you know, like a production database, it's like, you can blow something up really bad, really fast. And that's the danger.
[00:26:34] Shoval: So, Daniel, if I understand...
[00:26:35] Speaker 3: Sounds - like, yeah, like. -
[00:26:36] Shoval: Yeah, go ahead, Yuvan, sorry.
[00:26:37] Speaker 1: Mm-hmm.
[00:26:38] Speaker 2: No, just to say that it sounds like the top two things that are on top of your mind is like how to connect your, how to connect carefully your data with your internal AI and AI safety, like internal AI safety. Sounds like those are the two things that bother you the most now with AI.
[00:27:03] Speaker 1: Yeah -,
[00:27:04] Speaker 3: I would say, I mean, connecting to products or infrastructure using AI, that's controlled mainly by the university, at least for the really important stuff. Like if somebody wants to blow up their file server, that's on them. We have backups, it'll be painful, somebody's going to get yelled at, but it's not the end of the world. When it happens to be our ordering systems or something like that, then that's a little more important. Those also tend to be SAS as well. We don't post those internally. So then it's like, okay, well, how do I control access to that? When I don't, I don't admin the SAS system. All we do is subscribe to the service, like our food ordering system, right? That's SAS. It's in the cloud. There's a company that runs it. And all we do is say, hey, these people can access it. That's it. And then we walk away. I don't, I don't admin it. I don't, I'm not in charge of it.
[00:28:01] Speaker 2: You know, I'm-- I'm curious if, if you have any concerns about the, about the usage of AI from the external, external side, not like you talked a lot of the internal side of the AI usage. And do you have any concerns from like AI attackers and agents from outside? Like any plans to, to like tighten your perimeter and do a security you work on your current network stack.
[00:28:36] Speaker 3: So we've been actually looking at a couple of different products. One which is fairly cheap, which runs on Cali Linux. It's called node zero from horizon three. And that's for a lot that allows to do continual pen testing or I call it continuous validation, which is really what we wanna be at. And it allows us inside and outside. So they actually have their devices are virtual, they're little virtual Cali Linux boxes. And we can plug them in anywhere. So we can, you know, spin them up on any VLAN. So I can do like a pen-- let's say I want to pen test our servers. I could put what they call a runner. It's their little Cali inside the same VLAN. Like I bypass all of our external stuff. And then I could put it in a VLAN adjacent and test it there. And then I could put it-- they've actually got ones that they host on the outside. And I could look at our external attack servers. And so I can run through all of those together. I can also plug in our. And then I can run our follow scans, which is run by Stanford University, and look at our vulnerabilities and then correlate everything together. And then hand off our remediation, complete the pictures and instructions to our Enterprise infrastructure and tell them you need to fix this. This is the most important start on them.
[00:29:56] Speaker 2: It's like you're getting a report from the tools you said, like the pen testing and then all the ways you check your infrastructure and then you get the list and you give it to the engineers to work with.
[00:30:11] Speaker 3: Yeah, and it's actually really cool because the product actually does it'll do a full. If you've ever seen an actual pen test report, it's branded so it'll be for us Stanford and then it. It gives you the full pen test, which complete with pictures, right? Just like a regular pen test of how you went and did something. And then I get another one that's an executive summary and then the third one, which is the remediation report. That's very type specific about, hey, I found this vulnerability. ", I found this vulnerability. I did this kill chain, and this is how you need to fix it." And that means that our folks aren't going to be chasing. Yes, we do patch, right? So we, that's just part of our normal cycle. But we want to be able to say, "Hey, We've killed off and remediated. these kill chains and we've secured our systems even even stronger right. With us right now because we don't expose a lot to the outside and the way Stanford builds out its infrastructure we're like four firewalls behind the outside world. We have like two products that we kind of expose on like two ports that are just stuck outside. I've also got a Shodian account set up that's continually looking at our IP range on the outside and it notifies me when it finds something else and part of that was because we actually had a case where somebody was like oh yeah we've got this server that we're putting in this building to control the lighting and they just exposed it to the outside world.
[00:31:48] Speaker 2: And then you get the notification from showdown.
[00:31:53] Speaker 3: And nobody talked to us about it until after it already become compromised which it only took about it literally took two hours and it got called in cromper months. So they had to like tear the server out rebuild
[00:32:08] Speaker 2: it. Yeah
[00:32:11] Speaker 3: so that that should allow that it won't be perfect, but at least it'll be like, hey, who plugged this in and exposed it? And then I can figure out what the heck they're doing and why they didn't talk to us first. And so it's a lot of it has been, since I started in 2019, a lot of it has been visibility, which is,
[00:32:30] Shoval: Yeah.
[00:32:32] Speaker 3: In fact, I-- I said this, I said, if you can't see it, you can't quantify it or secure it. And, you know, even if you don't have like the best tool that does, I mean, I've seen some really cool AI stuff where you literally log in and you tell it in plain text like, hey, I don't want to like block this, but I want to warn users if they're logging into clod on through Chrome using their Gmail and not their Stanford.edu, right? And you type it in plain text and it actually it builds the policy. And I'm like, oh, that's cool. But not yet. So.
[00:33:11] Shoval: Because that's exactly what I wanted to ask. Like, sounds like you have a great visibility and you created the best practice architecture to reduce risk. But from the pentest and all the visibility you have, what do you do with those signals? You mentioned you need to transform them to the engineers to fix that, like, how these process look like.
[00:33:34] Speaker 3: For us, once I get it, if I've got a known like we get, I think it scans our network three times a week, I get call of scans. And I send them out on Monday. And I basically break it down and I ignore the threes. We look at the fours and the fives and I hand it off to them and then they go and fix it. If I don't even like auto plug in, like I could automatically open up tickets in snow or something like that, but it's, for them and their workflow, me handing it off to their boss and then he looks at it and goes, yes, I will sign somebody and we'll take care of it this week and then they get rid of it. In some cases, like we have an old system that we're in process of decommissioning, so it's kicking up some fives in QALIS. And the only, it's not because it's actively being exploited or anything bad, it's just that the actual operating system for the ESXi servers is EOL. and so now Paul is just speaking out about it. It's like, well, we know about that we can't exactly upgrade it because of the age of the system, we'd have to like shut the whole thing down and we go to it. It's ugly. So for us, it's like, well, we have a point in place to decommission it, we know it's going to be decommissioned. So we're ignoring it. right now. And so opening up a ticket helps nobody. It's like, we just know that it's there, we've explained it to leadership, we let them know, we said, hey, we're in process of doing this, or, you know, moving faster to get it decommissioned. But that's the existence right now.
[00:35:16] Shoval: I have a question like, this sounds like this specific process go through tickets or the boss like kind of manual. Do you have more security processes like that that's up and in the same way
[00:35:38] Speaker 3: I would say most of our processes tend to be manual. We don't really automate creation of tickets. We tend to use things like Slack and other stuff. I even have a signal channel that I'm on specifically on my phones.
[00:36:14] Speaker 1: And my desktop to connect to other people within Stanford within the security groups across Stanford so that if there's a problem,
[00:36:14] Speaker 3: I can go into that channel and scream out. and it's like everybody sees it.
[00:36:17] Shoval: Yeah. So if you mentioned a case like where you like you mentioned before that a server that you know there is a gap there you need to fix, but you can't fix it because it's ugly. So this will be documented in this Slack channel or a T or a task or something like that. But do you have a real place to look on those gaps and to summarize them so you can explain it to leadership as you mentioned before.
[00:36:49] Speaker 3: At this point, no, we tend to document that stuff in email and Slack, so a little bit of both. And for us specifically, it's small enough that it's like, well, that's good enough. Like, I mean, yes, if we were any larger, I would be like, yeah, we need some sort of management tool where you can go in and you can see outstanding issues, gaps, and then reasoning as to why specific items aren't being fixed within the SLA that's outlying by Stanford. I would like, it would be cool if they could actually, if Stanford could host something like that and then we dump everything up there. And so if there's any question anywhere with any group, I log in, we see our stuff, but if Stanford isologs in, they see everything.
[00:37:41] Shoval: Yeah.
[00:37:42] Speaker 3: And that would give them a more complete picture. So unfortunately right now, all they've got is snow and even there it's sort of haphazard.
[00:37:52] Shoval: Cool. And like the fixing part of this, like, do you have way to validate that the team, the responsible team actually fix what you shared with them?
[00:38:08] Speaker 3: So currently normally what would happen is if they say they fix something and it's something that's spurred from QALIS, QALIS is our main qualifier, I'll purge the server from QALIS and then rerun the scan. And that gives us like, does it see it anymore now than it's fixed? In the case of like the fives that we have, which are the whole ESSI servers, there's no way really. And they need to fix it unless we shut them off, right? Or update them. And we're not going to update them because we're trying to shut them off. So it's like, that's just going to exist until it goes away.
[00:38:48] Shoval: So if I understand correctly, there is two, like kind of two flows. First one is the check. The check all the gaps and try to reach the network from both inside and outside. And after this scan is over, you have like the report of what you need to fix. And from now it's will be totally kind of manual, you will talk with the people, we'll send it on Slack on emails. When it will be fixed, you will be noticed and then you will run the auto scan process.
[00:39:26] Speaker 3: correct um i'll have them.
[00:39:33] Shoval: departments on Stanford.
[00:39:36] Speaker 3: I would like to say no and that they've got something that's more automated but it probably is and then we have a lot of small groups too that i mean they've got like one guy and then they were like completely on uit in order to do everything and they don't have the ability to even run their own scans they're like well we just patch that's all they do i mean it's like you've got and it's funny because people say you know human beings are the weakest length right because they get first and they click on the little Links go to the watering holes and they're the they're the beach head right. these smaller groups that don't have the budget of a manpower or the people to actually go and do stuff, all they can do is say, hey, we're chasing CVEs, we're patching when we can, and that's all they've got. And it's very painful. Because Those are also in a sense the beachhead. If you can get yourself in there, you've got run of the place and they won't even know it. We're a lot more advanced here at R\&D in that we've got like dark trace. We've got, well, before we were the only ones running Malor bites and they didn't have crowd strike before. were relying on Windows Defender. And it wasn't even the enterprise version that they have now. this was like, we're just different. as is. And now they've got CrowdStrike across the board with the exception of us because we've got Malwarebytes. And the fact is we actually have a lot more capabilities with Malwarebytes than we do with CrowdStrike. We also run it on our mobile devices or tablets and our phones. And that allows us, well, not perfect on the iPhone system because of the closed architecture. It does give us some level of protection. That we don't have if we were to just go on with CrowdStrike. Plus other tool sets that they got in there that you could push out. I could push out patches real time to people. I can look at vulnerability scanning, which even though we have call us in house, we're not running the agent on our endpoints. So because we're geographically dispersed and not sitting in an office building, building, they don't get scared. So I can actually see those scans and I can even push not just critical updates, but I can also push improvement updates, right? Like for an extra feature set, I can go ahead and push those out. We've got a lot more of that visibility that we wouldn't have had with CloudStream. So that helps us tremendously.
[00:42:32] Shoval: Cool. You've all did you want to ask something?
[00:42:36] Speaker 2: Yeah, first I wanted to ask how often do you run the pentests?
[00:42:43] Speaker 3: Currently right now we are as needed, which is rare. But that's why I want to get this product because then it'll be like, yeah, we run them weekly. You know, it'll just become part of the process that, like doing vulnerability scanning, we're also doing the validation scanning. And then we can also take a look as new products come online. We will very specifically hit. The other thing with node zero as well is when new zero days drop or if there's a new, like when log four j's the example would not drop or Was it the shaiyud or whatever AI thing dropped They immediately put a scan of vulnerability type. Well, I won't call it a vulnerability, but they put a pen test trigger up there and you could run it automatically So it would automatically-- go and check and say, hey, you're vulnerable here, here, and here, or you're fine. And so those were, those are key things where we can set that to auto and it will go as those new like zero day kill chains drop, right? It'll automatically go out and look for them and say, hey, you're, yeah, I wake up in the morning and I'll have a report sitting on my desk saying, This is what you need to fix. This is critical. And that happens weekly. Not currently, this is a product we want to get. I've been courting these folks and their sales team for the last year and a half. So it's step card 33. But. Um, you know, but that's where we need to get to because if we don't do that and we aren't able to scan this stuff overnight and then in the morning, you know, I get it to our enterprise infrastructure team and I say this is what you need to fix today. This is critical
[00:44:55] Speaker 2: I have a last question because we have a hard stop at the top of the hour. And this question is out of the context of pen testing and AI. So, Shavali, if you have another thing to say about it, let me know before I ask. Okay, so you mentioned that at the beginning of the conversation, you mentioned that you have a problem with the protecting and... and like securing how you connect your data, your Stanford data to AI. And assume your endpoints in Stanford, they have some kind of VPN or networking solution that let the endpoint enter the Stanford network. Is it working that way?
[00:45:44] Speaker 3: Yes.
[00:45:45] Speaker 2: So I wanted to ask you if someone downloads for that data to his endpoint, can he turn off the VPN and work with this data without connecting to Stanford network?
[00:46:03] Shoval: can he turn off the VPN and work with this data
[00:46:05] Speaker 1: correct
[00:46:06] Speaker 3: or in many cases, if it's if the product that they're connected to is SAS, right, they won't connect to Stanford at all. They could be anywhere in the world connect to Oracle financials or the HR system, which I think we've gone over to Sierra now, I think is what it's called. Download the data. It's not it's not that
[00:46:25] Speaker 2: an AI problem. It's like, if you can connect to Stanford, Stanford VPN, and you can download that data and disconnect and work with this data without anybody observing and like seeing what you're doing with it. So it's a it's another problem that just popped into my mind when you said it. But we really have to finish the conversation because we have another meeting after you. So that's
[00:46:51] Speaker 3: And the main reason why I say that it needs to end point some trick, which it needs to be an agent or a script running on an endpoint that's going to send telemetry to wherever you know your console and track what the end person is doing because I can see what's happening on our servers, but I can't see what's happening anywhere else.
[00:47:11] Speaker 2: And do you plan to
[00:47:12] Speaker 3: do
[00:47:13] Speaker 2: with it in 2027? something
[00:47:17] Speaker 3: I - hope so, but maybe a little farther out than that. I'm not sure, depending on budgets and priorities.
[00:47:25] Speaker 2: Of - course, of course. Okay, thanks.
[00:47:28] Shoval: Daniel, thank you so much. We learned a lot from this conversation. And we would love to share with you more about our research, same as we do with Leda. And keep you in the loop, because we learned a lot from this conversation. It can help us
[00:47:43] Speaker 3: Yeah.
[00:47:46] Shoval: in our journey. So thank you so much. We really, really, really appreciate it. And we wish you great Jewish holidays. And you know, for your children. And to stay
[00:48:01] Speaker 2: Yeah -, always. - Have a good day.
[00:48:04] Speaker 3: All - right, take care, guys.
[00:48:05] Speaker 2: Thank - you very much, Daniel.
[00:48:07] Speaker 3: All - right, bye-bye.
