Date: 2026-09-08
Topic: Elastic CISO Security Discussion
Drive File ID: 11Qy35yG3cYDgDmMb8lYH_2xjHYen-zId
Source: google-drive-pdf

[00:00:00] Shoval: We'll run the introduction. Perfect. So I started with myself. I'm Meh Echoval. I'm on cyber for the past 10 years. I started in the unit 8,200. They're actually Metival. We both served together. We actually served in the Cyber Reparation Center in the department that were responsible for early DevOps and IT infrastructure. So we actually used a lot of the, from Elastic Products. So that's all I have to say. That's very cool. So we hold there, boat the role of DevOps engineer with a security engineer. We also we build the infrastructure but also have to make sure that it builds securely because you know that was a mission critical infrastructure and super sensitive ones. So I served for for five and a half years, I released as a captain. And after my service, I did a bit of a shift because I was always fascinated about customers' pins and how to create value on more of the business sides of product and became a product manager. I started in a cybersecurity company called PerceptionPoint, which is in the endpoint security area. I led all the detection capability that were based mostly on machine learning, AI, agents before we know to call it. agents back then. So it was super cool and super innovative. This company was acquired by Fordinet and then I moved to another cybersecurity company called Koi Security. Also very great security product, amazing customers, very innovative in terms of how we use AI, both of the product and how we secure AI. and this company was acquired as well by Palo Alto. Basically that's why it was my sign to reach out to my old friend Rival and tell him, "Okay, now we need to do it together." Because we always had this dream of working together again and building something of our own. I love to say that we both build the same like story but from different perspective because we started on the same department and then like I did the shift to a product management and Yuval kind of doubled down on the technology so I let him share more about his experience.
[00:02:38] Speaker 1: My
[00:02:39] Speaker 2: quick question for you, Shavall. At Koi, were you product management as well? At Koi? Okay.
[00:02:47] Speaker 1: I started as a developer and DevOps engineer as a Shaval soldier in 8200. Actually, she didn't tell you that she was my commander. Together with, for a short time, yeah, but what you were, and together we developed to great platforms. For our unit, one of them was for managing and operating the complex networks we have on site and in, actually in multiple sites. And not long after this good journey in developing together, I promoted to be a team lead. And a couple years after, I promoted to be the head of the DevOps and infrastructure department in 8,200. There I led 40 engineers. It was across five teams. We ran large-scale networks, production environments, metabytes of data. And after around 10 years in 8,200, finish the army. service and started as a director of DevOps and SRE in Aragon, which is an Israeli cyber company. They're I led the SRE and DevOps engineers and we developed together tailor-made solutions for our customers networks. It was around how we secure the networks of the product inside the customer's site. and after I finished actually I quit in Paragon
[00:04:30] Shoval: for the new me and now we're
[00:04:30] Speaker 1: for the journey and now I show out an eye around our own journey together.
[00:04:37] Speaker 2: fantastic. Exciting. So have you have you both left your previous roles? You're doing this full time now?
[00:04:45] Shoval: Yeah. Yeah. So it's very exciting, you know, new experience, new adventure,
[00:04:47] Speaker 1: Thanks.
[00:04:51] Shoval: and we are super excited. And thanks again for helping us in our journey.
[00:04:58] Speaker 2: I'm a bit about myself.
[00:05:00] Shoval: I -'m excited. - You're loved.
[00:05:00] Speaker 2: So
[00:05:01] Speaker 1: we loved.
[00:05:03] Speaker 2: Mandy Andres, CISO at Elastic, been at Elastic eight years or over eight years? almost eight and a half now and came in pre-IPO as the first CISO to establish, build out the security program. And have been doing that ever since through multiple iterations of the elastic company and into now the AI world, which has been a lot of fun. And before that, I spent 13 years at a Fortune 100 financial services firm. went in as head of security strategy. Every 18 to 24 months, I was in a new role, whether building a new team, rebuilding a team. I think I built the sock about three times while I was there, just through various technology business and landscape changes. And then I was running the full security program the last few years that I was there. My whole career has been in private sector, information security, cybersecurity started in auditing and consulting. had my own consulting company for a while and found what I most enjoyed was that combination of business and technology. and going into companies and taking industry, company culture, tech stack, and how to put all of that together to craft a security program and then see it through. So that's what I've been doing ever since.
[00:06:22] Shoval: Amazing. I love the combination between seeing the business context and combine it with the security and make sure the business runs securely as understanding the business. Love it. It's actually very... We are exploring those areas a lot recently. So I think I will share a bit more about what we're exploring. Again, I shared it a bit on email, but we'll do a quick recap. So basically as you heard we are both infrastructure people, one of the infrastructure layer that we're exploring right now is the network layer. As we talk with more and more CISO we understand that in big companies the network is fragmented, complex, building from different sites, different tools of firewalls, South Sea, different vendors like there is a lot of complexity and challenges around that and more than that now. Now with AI shaking the whole ecosystem we are starting to rethink about how CISOs managing about how CISOs managing their visibility and risk inside their network. As we are seeing the... that a lot of the new types of attack are based on connectivity and network paths inside the organization. So basically we would love to hear your take about that. I think we will go from there.
[00:07:57] Speaker 2: Sure, I think it's fascinating how everything kind of comes back around in time and that when I entered security, the network was essentially the only thing that existed and then we moved into app and then endpoints and then web and now we're back to endpoint and coming back to network. So it's always interesting to watch those cycles play out. I would say I agree on the network piece. I think the more and more similar to endpoint, getting back to network security as a core defense, both visibility and defense for AI activities and a lot more focus just because of the speed of lateral movements and being able to see that. What's interesting. So my work in financial services and my work at Elastic are two very different companies in architectures to where Elastic is a fully remote, globally distributed. We don't have a network. And so that's always fascinating to one, in speaking with companies, like how do you not have a network? And then just from a security and controls layer where we actually have control and where we can enforce something. So say we'll look at our endpoints and work at the network layer on endpoints. Whereas financial services, It was all. network is all traditional. That was the primary way to get visibility and put things in line into the network when it made sense. So that's the perspective that I'm coming at this conversation from and curious to learn more about what you're thinking.
[00:09:34] Shoval: Can - you elaborate a bit more about what you mean, but we don't have a network on Elastic?
[00:09:40] Speaker 2: We don't have a company network. So if you say, you know, let's go plug into your core router or plug into your satellite sites and we'll get visibility. We don't have firewalls specifically. Well, let me back up. From an enterprise perspective, we don't have a network. And on our-- all of our enterprise services are SAS. And then for our product developments for the infrastructure that we use to run. on our SaaS service on that runs across the three major hyperscalers and primarily use native capabilities within each hyperscaler.
[00:10:24] Speaker: Very,
[00:10:25] Speaker 2: it's very repetitive, not repetitive, but it's a very consistent architecture. Everything looks the same. New customers spin up architecture. So fairly easy to at least understand what has changed or is changing because it's all coming from one, all infrastructure code, but it's the same for everything that spins up. So that's the place where, If needed, we would put network. type protections, the challenge we have there is where we would put it and what visibility we want to have. We don't need, don't want to see the contents of the data that customers are putting into their elastic clusters that are running in our SaaS service. And so, we never put anything in line that breaks that encryption, but we may want some, more of our control plane and things like that. That's one of our key critical resources where we focus a lot of our security controls and detection capabilities. That's what I mean when we don't have a network, physical network.
[00:11:33] Speaker 1: so actually your network is part of the cloud and it's part of your SaaS services and not really aware of what is going on in this network because it's your customer's environment.
[00:11:47] Speaker 2: We have awareness on the network. There's a reverse proxy that every customer goes in and we have perimeter and some internal visibility, but we do operate everything that comes up is closed by default. So I have very much taken a least privilege micro segmentation approach in the cloud service, which has been, which has been good. They did that
[00:12:12] Shoval: I think that that--
[00:12:13] Speaker 2: well before I arrived. And then continuing to expand that, what we don't want is in the encrypted transits of the data from our customer to our
[00:12:24] Shoval: to our cluster.
[00:12:25] Speaker 2: entire cluster. That's the part that we
[00:12:27] Speaker 1: don't
[00:12:27] Speaker 2: want to see. We'll see. whether it's lateral movement, we'll see the behavior, we'll see the protocols, we'll see from that perspective.
[00:12:37] Speaker 1: And how do you analyze the behavior and how do you see where you have lateral movement?
[00:12:45] Speaker 2: It is primarily right now from the identity perspective. So largely just the access key API keys, access tokens, things like that is what gives us the most visibility and to where things are happening. And then we have some, again, more post space, but also it comes in calls. So it's all running Kubernetes and containers that we have some. some machine learning jobs that'll kick off a rare process, rare connection, things like that, that are high fidelity for us as well, if something's shifted in how that system is operating either internally to itself or how it's reaching out to other systems.
[00:13:36] Shoval: Cool. So if I understand correctly, sounds like you don't have any gaps on the visibility area around network like you basically focusing on, like you created a secure architecture in that matter and you are basing on identity specifically to create the visibility of what's happening there.
[00:14:00] Speaker 2: Yes, that's accurate.
[00:14:02] Shoval: Amazing, and sounds like this is your experience from the work on Elastic. That was the case also in your previous company?
[00:14:12] Speaker 2: No, the exact opposite of my previous company. Traditional architecture, traditional all of your Cisco routers, when I left the Palo Alto firewalls, very complicated network diagrams that network engineers had to keep current and all the traditional things. And just not understanding, not having a good picture of what was connected to what and what routing paths existed and what was open versus what should be open and all of that good stuff.
[00:14:48] Shoval: And did you like sound like you had like gaps there in this visibility area? And did you try to solve it? Did it was under like you're in your top of mind back then?
[00:15:03] Speaker 2: We did. That was the time of your network detection and response and getting visibility that way. So we tried that balance of as with any security solution costs and where you could place it and have the most impact from a cost perspective. So we had a lot of, at least at, had a lot of branch offices. And so finding, you know, We're a place to architect it's where we can get the most visibility, but not have to put something out in every branch office type of, type of thing. So we still had gaps in visibility when, you know, when I left and it's probably just become even more focused because at the time it's moving into the cloud and the whole digital transformation and understand getting the visibility, at least understanding how to get the visibility from a cloud perspective. That was a challenge. That was a-- I think we were trying to figure out when I left there. So, but from other ceases that I've talked to, they're still in the space, still a challenge to get that network visibility. or at least be confident that they have the the visibility that they need.
[00:16:16] Speaker 1: It's okay if I ask another question about the cloud in Elasti. Sorry for taking this back, but I'm curious, how do you know that the traffic that moves east-west between your components in the cloud is the traffic you you allow and you trust on?
[00:16:44] Shoval: legitimate.
[00:16:46] Speaker 1: Yeah, that it did. Yeah, I was saying.
[00:16:49] Speaker 2: That we don't have explicit ways to see that it's largely if it is behaving way, then we're at the moment making an assumption that is trusted because it's anticipate if the actor they're just going to be doing random things. So yes, they're still kind of gap there that someone could hide in the allow traffic that were implicitly. Interesting at the moment.
[00:17:21] Speaker 1: Thanks.
[00:17:22] Shoval: this gap like keep you occupied in some way?
[00:17:27] Speaker 2: Not at the moment, the accidental disclosure of API keys and things is much more of a focus at the moment.
[00:17:37] Shoval: Yeah, like an identity thing around the identity we talked
[00:17:39] Speaker 2: Yeah.
[00:17:42] Shoval: before. Cool. I think I'll share with you a bit about our direction, like kind of more explicitly. So if you can, we can hear your thoughts. So as I mentioned before, like we understand that it's the cycle you talked about before, that the network will become more critical as they are Attacks became faster and which larger scale and sophisticated and you know if we're human to find the right path inside your organization was ours and a lot of research for agents like super fast and if there is a gap in your connectivity and stuff that should not be connected Agent will find it And that's take us back to the to the network There and we thought that after we talked with a lot of CIS one understand that managing network policies and rules is also a challenge by itself, but probably not an urgent one. Combining these together, create a real gap that we think might worth solving. I want to be honest and say that right now we are in the ideation stage. So we're basically exploring talking with a lot of security leaders because we really truly want to find a real problem to solve. Like we feel like we have a lot of resources and want to-- to put them in the right place. And basically the signals that we're hearing are mixed. Like some of the CISOs tang us same as you said, that it's not a real problem for them and they won't focus this year in this problem. And some of them understand the challenges. More of them is ones with more complex network infrastructure. So that's basically the idea we're exploring and we can talk about it. a little bit more, but I think that a better way to use the last minutes we have is to hear from you what is the top of your mind for you at the moment. If it's not the area we're exploring, because again the thing that we want is to find a problem, a real problem to solve, to create a real impact. Yeah.
[00:20:07] Speaker 2: I said that a couple of things that we are focusing our attention on first, and we have been for several years, is the full non-human identity space. Building the inventory, understanding where it is, finding where it's getting leaked, putting controls into prevent leaks, accidental disclosure, moving to short lived ephemeral tokens and sessions and access. Eventually want to move towards processes and solutions where No one actually accesses the secret, so it can't be disclosed, but that'll take a bit more time to get into that. And then secondly, just taking a step back and looking at what do we need to be able to understand about our environment in the future? And so focusing, trying to focus on what I call cross entity analytics. So getting all the source data of what's happening in identity and applications in network and endpoints, bringing all of that together and then having analysis. So holistic analysis to understand what's happening in the environment. So the network visibility is would be a piece going into that. So those are the two, I would say larger areas that we're spending time in and then of course a lot of time more tactically these days just just spent in how our organization wants to use AI tools internally and what we need to do to at least get some initial controls in place while we figure out what's gonna stick, what's the next evolution of AI and how do we need to work with the organization as that comes. So things like light LLM and open router and all of the various, because we use all of them, cloud, code,
[00:22:04] Shoval: Yeah.
[00:22:05] Speaker 2: or cloud, code, squeeze open AI, we use co-pilot, they're all there.
[00:22:10] Shoval: Yeah. You have to, like in this fast-moving era, you have to use all of them. Do you hear me? You think that we are... Yvonne, do you hear me?
[00:22:26] Speaker 1: I can hear you, I can hear you in Mendy.
[00:22:33] Shoval: will wait a minute. Yeah. Yeah. Oof. That was awesome.
[00:22:48] Speaker 1: English.
[00:22:49] Shoval: That was great. speaking in foreign language Shit. told the truth. I forgot, I was just like, okay.
[00:23:08] Speaker 1: Hey.
[00:23:09] Speaker 2: Sorry, I was about to join on my phone.
[00:23:10] Shoval: Hi, Matt.
[00:23:12] Speaker 2: Hotel internet dropped out for a few minutes.
[00:23:17] Shoval: Well, I just started to say that, I don't remember, but I want to double down again about the big area you mentioned, like combining all those signals from the endpoint, from network. I am trying to figure out like what the goal there.
[00:23:35] Speaker 2: The goal for me is to have the picture, a real time, near real time picture of what's happening in the environment with the expectation that I'll have baseline behaviors for a single entity, baseline behaviors for a process, baseline behaviors for an application. So we can start to see if anything starts happening That's out of the question. norm from those behaviors to be able to better focus where we apply our resources for analysis for investigation. And the interesting thing there is you won't know intent, you won't know if it's a process change that we didn't know about it wasn't communicated or a new application or something like that or malicious insider or malicious outsider. So that's focusing there just because of speed of change, the breadth of threats and we've long moved away from where humans where we can anticipate and create discrete detection rules and things like that for what could happen in environment. So kind of flipping in focusing on change in behaviors of where we need to investigate because it could be something completely new that we never thought about that's occurring in the environment. So that's kind of the big picture piece of a lot. why we're looking at it that way.
[00:25:07] Shoval: Yeah, kind of like for understanding, kind of for prevent them.
[00:25:18] Speaker 2: First detection, this is on detecting threats. And then separately, what we're just starting to get into is where do we need to put more proactive controls in our environment? We have some strong controls, of course, in the production components of, say, our SaaS offering in our build infrastructure. Are there additional things that we should be putting in place? Are there additional things we should be... And that's what we're doing on our employee endpoints because of now all the agents that they're running there and more agents to come. So those are the things that we're, we've been spending time looking at and haven't landed on exactly yet what's the best approach that we're going to take for elastic. But that's where we have slated budget suspend for this year. that's where the team has been spending time as well.
[00:26:15] Shoval: Cool. Well, I see that we have only one minute left. I actually love this last area. I feel like what you mentioned around understanding what's happening in real time and combine all those signals into one source of truth of what's happening, what should happen in our way to relate to the business context. It's very similar to what we're exploring on the network context, but in like kind of larger and So we're going to take it and think about it in the context of our perspective. And we would love to keep you updated in our journey and share thoughts with you and maybe to collaborate again in the future because that school was super valuable. And again, I feel like I'm super excited to talk to you because I followed you for a long time. time. So thank you again, Mandy, for the time.
[00:27:22] Speaker 2: Thank you. Great to meet you both. And yes, definitely keep me updated on your journey and where things go from here.
[00:27:30] Shoval: Amazing.
[00:27:32] Speaker 1: Thank you very much.
[00:27:33] Shoval: Have a great day.
[00:27:33] Speaker 2: Take care. You too. Bye-bye.
[00:27:38] Shoval: Die my yank.
