Date: 2026-09-10
Topic: AI Cybersecurity Product Discovery Discussion
Drive File ID: 1paa_55f4tBih7hpLm6RxZUzBbliemqGr
Source: google-drive-pdf

[00:00:00] Shoval: I'm sorry, it's me, Maximo.
[00:00:00] Speaker 1: I'll do the maximum of the slimes.
[00:00:01] Shoval: No, I'm not. It's Uzi Men.
[00:00:02] Speaker: There's nothing.
[00:00:02] Shoval: It's all right. It's a joke. What's the name?
[00:00:04] Speaker 1: It's not a fight.
[00:00:05] Shoval: It's Uzi Men. Uzi Men because I'm a host.
[00:00:10] Speaker 1: Ah, was he my? Zoom AI, well.
[00:00:18] Shoval: Yeah, it's a joke. Osnai in the hotel.
[00:00:18] Speaker 1: I was nine a hotel.
[00:00:19] Shoval: Yeah, it's a joke. Okay. You don't know how I feel.
[00:00:29] Speaker 1: I'm a farmer and I've been working for 5 hours in the morning. I've been working for 5 hours in the morning with a lot of plants.
[00:00:35] Shoval: With - the pictures of my mother. - the locker for 7 hours to go to the coffee shop. I've been in the locker for 7 hours.
[00:00:42] Speaker 1: It's been 40 minutes since the farmer started working for us in the morning. 100% and that's it.
[00:00:53] Shoval: What -? - Parties and stuff.
[00:00:55] Speaker 1: 100% and that's it. That's
[00:00:55] Shoval: How - many? - How many do they fit in that suitcase? That -'s always the same
[00:01:00] Speaker 1: it.
[00:01:00] Shoval: thing. - Really?
[00:01:02] Speaker 1: Do you always have the same valuation? What, from the start?
[00:01:07] Shoval: They -'re not in my house, but I don't know. I'll just have to look around. - Okay, okay. - He told me to look around. - Okay.
[00:01:08] Speaker: Yeah.
[00:01:11] Speaker 1: That's it.
[00:01:15] Shoval: But little stat, it's a little bit of a C.
[00:01:20] Speaker: Yeah.
[00:01:23] Shoval: you're making a VCR, it's a little bit more of a C.
[00:01:26] Speaker 1: And wait a minute, in safe mangel, let's say it's without a valuation. It doesn't take any value.
[00:01:32] Shoval: What's a safe match? An angel? By the way, they don't play safe.
[00:01:33] Speaker 1: Right?
[00:01:35] Shoval: You can play a C and then it's without a variation. It's about two of the Cs. But you know, in a cyber loss, they play them in C, but it's a variation of a C. Yes,
[00:01:48] Speaker: Okay.
[00:01:50] Speaker 1: most notable thing are imf ski p ͈ le most common point view the least common decision to make is then to choose 0
[00:01:57] Speaker: the most common point view
[00:01:59] Shoval: Yes, it's a different story. When you're not in the cyber, everything is possible.
[00:02:01] Speaker: Okay.
[00:02:02] Shoval: What happened?
[00:02:04] Speaker 1: I just realized that a save is a specific way of evaluating.
[00:02:07] Shoval: It's safe, it's not without a valuation, it's like it's giving you the benefits of the common people. There's also a safe between the A and C.
[00:02:13] Speaker: Okay. Okay.
[00:02:16] Speaker 1: Okay.
[00:02:20] Speaker: Okay.
[00:02:20] Shoval: I understand.
[00:02:20] Speaker: Okay. Okay.
[00:02:20] Speaker 1: Okay.
[00:02:20] Speaker: Okay.
[00:02:25] Speaker 1: Good, hide the tree? Chris? Hope you give Chris a shot.
[00:03:09] Shoval: I don't know what to say I don't know what to say in
[00:03:32] Speaker 1: Jason,
[00:03:32] Shoval: I don't know what to say
[00:03:33] Speaker 1: it's obvious that I'm calling him Jason.
[00:03:34] Shoval: I don't know what to say Yes, of course. I'm not going to say anything, I'm going to say that
[00:03:37] Speaker 1: Yes, it's obvious. I was hoping for him to say that I'm taking the text and I'm happy that I'm already calling him.
[00:03:48] Speaker: Okay.
[00:03:52] Shoval: I don't know what to say in the text and I'm going to write it down I don't know what to say in the text and I'm going to write it down I don't know what to say in the text and I'm going to write it down
[00:03:56] Speaker 1: Ah, Jason the other one...
[00:03:58] Shoval: I don't know what to say in the text and I'm going to write it down
[00:03:58] Speaker 1: Baduk, we're out of time.
[00:04:00] Shoval: I don't know what to say in the text and I'm going to write it down I don't know what to say in the text Because it starts to open up in the future.
[00:04:10] Speaker 1: Yeah, he said that.
[00:04:12] Shoval: And I don't know what I think about it.
[00:04:15] Speaker 1: In the case of Rocken.
[00:04:19] Shoval: Is that me who just thought about it?
[00:04:19] Speaker 1: This is me, who's not here anymore? What did you think of the conversation in the last few days? Hello, Chris!
[00:04:26] Speaker 2: Hello, friends. Thank you for your patience. I had a meeting go a little long and I had to respond to some urgent messages. So thank you very much for your patience.
[00:04:34] Speaker: No problem. Okay.
[00:04:37] Speaker 2: You know what? It's okay. There's a lot of big things going on right now. But you know what? I woke up today, so it's a good day. How are you two?
[00:04:47] Speaker: Yeah.
[00:04:49] Speaker 1: We're doing great.
[00:04:51] Shoval: You know, here it's almost the weekend even though like our weekend is now your time of the weekend so it's not quite a weekend but
[00:04:59] Speaker 2: yep yep I understand are you both based in Israel in? yeah yeah are you Tel Aviv or are you uh
[00:05:08] Shoval: I'm Tel Aviv and Yvonne is near Tel Aviv.
[00:05:08] Speaker: I
[00:05:10] Shoval: Like very close.
[00:05:12] Speaker 2: was just um my call that went over was with a I think there a VC firm he said he was north north of Tel Aviv he said is uh no he's closer to Jerusalem so he said it's not as human or much drier we were talked about the difference I've never been I would love to go one day so um
[00:05:29] Shoval: a great city and girls and I mean also amazing
[00:05:30] Speaker 1: I'm also amazing
[00:05:33] Speaker 2: I believe I'd love to I've I'll get out there one day right now my travel schedule has been all domestic but There are lots of great things. I've been making a lot of friends from Israel recently, so I'm very happy to meet you all.
[00:05:45] Shoval: We, us too, so it's a great opportunity to thank you for the time and the, you know, willingness to help. I think I will share a bit about our goal from this conversation and like why we reach out. So as I shared a bit on the message, like, Yvonne and I are building our company right now. So basically we would love to, you know, do a mutual introduction and then share with you our direction. And of course, your feedback, your thought, we sure we can learn a lot from your experience. How does it sound to you?
[00:06:20] Speaker 2: Sounds like a plan. Let's do it.
[00:06:22] Shoval: Perfect. And before we will start. I'll ask, do you manifest a record this conversation?
[00:06:28] Speaker 2: Absolutely. Please.
[00:06:30] Shoval: Amazing. Okay, okay. I started with myself, so I'm Shaval. I'm at cybersecurity for the past 10 years. I started, I assume you already heard about the 8,200 units. It's the Israeli cyber operations unit. They're actually met you, Val. So we know like almost 10 years. Basically we both served their food. I'm here at the department that was responsible for all the infrastructure of the cyber operations, so basically all the role of DevOps engineer, combined with security engineer, had to build sensitive infrastructure. And I did it for five and a half years. I released as a captain at the end of my service. And after that, I did like a small, not so small shift into a product management word because I will I love to be hands on with the technology, but I always was curious about creating value, customers, pain, business in general. So I did this shift. I started as a product manager in a cybersecurity company called PerceptionPoint. Led there basically all the detection capabilities that were based on machine learning, AI, agents. before everyone knew what is agent even myself back then did not know that this is what I'm doing This company was acquired by Fortinet, so it was a successful ride After that I moved to another cyber security company and Coise security Also, great company, very innovative in terms of how we used the AI in the product, great customers, amazing people, and founders. And this company was acquired as well by Palo Alto. Basically, that was my sign. You know, in Israel, we have a term that we love to use, like third time an ice cream. So I felt like the third time should be, it's like, third time it's a good, it will be good, like an ice cream.
[00:08:50] Speaker: Oh -.
[00:08:50] Shoval: So I thought like the third time must be very very good, it must be my own company. company so I called the Yval which is is, as I mentioned, a good friend from the military service. And basically, we joined to create our own company and chase old dream. And I let Yuval share his part of their road.
[00:09:21] Speaker 1: Yeah -, answered the Shulva's call and I told her, yeah, I'll quit Paragon and I'll come with you. Yeah -, because, we planned it for a long time. I started as a Chauval soldier actually in 8200 unit and I started as a developer and together we developed great platforms for the unit. One of them was for mapping and operating securely net the complex networks we have into the they see in the unit and the other are another great platforms for remediating and solving problems but after the great journey we had together developing things when she was the Shoval was the product manager and I was the developer. I promoted to be a team lead and couple of years later I promoted again to be the head head of the DevOps and infrastructure department. of the DevOps and infrastructure department.
[00:10:20] Shoval: very fast.
[00:10:20] Speaker: Yeah.
[00:10:24] Speaker 1: I led there 40 engineers across five teams. We ran large scale networks, complex networks for operations rooms for hundreds of users and thousands of users actually and hundreds of applications. We ran production environment for the unit and petabytes of data and after this long journey in 8200 unit I finished my military service and I started at the Paragon which is an Israel Cyber Company is the director of DevOps and SRE. And there I led 25 engineers. We developed together, I like to say that we had the knowledge on infrastructure and networking and production, and we had the knowledge of developing and we combined it together to tailor-made solutions for Paragon's product and for the specific customers we had. So it was really challenging and really interesting joining Paragon with the DeepLine. tech they have there. And after Paragon, after Shavad called me, I quitted Paragon. And we started together this great journey. So we would love to hear about you a bit.
[00:11:39] Speaker 2: Oh, I mean, great to meet you both. Thanks for sharing your stories. Very compelling, very interesting. I'm afraid I don't have nearly as interesting of a background of history. I've worked a lot outside of security. I've spent a lot of time doing a bunch of other things. I did sales, I worked in education, I did language. So I've done a bunch of things never very successfully, which is part of why I'm doing something else now. I got into my first technical role here at Wistic many, many years ago now. start as a software. engineer quickly pivoted to build out the compliance program and then to build the security program and I took a brief step away, yeah pretty brief, only about eight months, eight, nine months or so to go set up the security program over at Plotley which is a Canadian data company. I just had a change in personal circumstances, wanted to, I needed to help take care of family And I was a team of one, that wasn't supposed to be the plan, but that's where we're at. So it was getting to be a bit much to travel, to take care of family, while also running the program by myself. So I dropped down to be a contractor and still doing a little bit of audit support, essentially audit prep and all that. And then I'm also So, and then around that time, I've got an offer to turn back to Wistic to help run the program. And then as of about a month ago now, I'm heading the department. So my boss departed about a month ago. So now I'm running the team. So here we are.
[00:13:19] Shoval: Yeah. Wow, that's very exciting.
[00:13:20] Speaker: Well.
[00:13:20] Shoval: I'm always fascinated by how people get into security roles, because I've learned recently that there are a lot of paths and everyone's story is super
[00:13:34] Speaker: No,
[00:13:36] Shoval: different and it brings different perspectives to the role. So that's super nice, I love it.
[00:13:44] Speaker 2: I'm glad to hear it.
[00:13:47] Speaker 1: It's very impressive.
[00:13:49] Speaker 2: Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate that. I feel like this, the world of technology, because so many people do so many different things, right? Like you've all done a dozen different things and worked in a lot of different areas. There's one of those few areas in the world or one of the few industries where you can really have any background and thrive, right? The creativity, the mathematical, the scientific approach, but it all kind of comes together to make really cool stuff. So it's fun.
[00:14:18] Shoval: Cool. I think I'll share a bit about our direction because I'm super curious to hear your thoughts.
[00:14:18] Speaker: Yeah
[00:14:26] Shoval: Okay, so as quick disclaimer before, Yvonne and I were on the ideation stage. Basically, that means that we are exploring, we are not locked on any direction. We do have direction that we'll dive into in a minute, but we really are aiming to hear the real feedback. like we don't want to end up developing. Being a product that nobody wants. So that's feedback. It's crucial to find this area that will provide value. And basically, as you know, AI changing the whole ecosystem, do a lot of mess around. And we, as we thought about it, and you know, start digging into that, we, we thought that, you know, there are a lot of AI security companies right now that help you to secure the AI you use inside the organization. But it made us think like, how AI, like, change the way a Tucker's be. like our attackers use AI and how we change the attacks. So we talked with security leaders and also incident response people. And the main thing that we heard beside that it's larger scale and faster is that it's become unpredictable. Like the incident of open AI and hugging phase was a great example of new things like the way they'd agent use their file system as a message board. that we did not see before, That was, I don't know, for me it was mind-blowing. Like that was a new way to create knowledge, to transfer knowledge, to create attack. Like kill chain. And with, like, this is like main and massive pain that we detected. Like the fact that attacks became unpredictable. So first, before I dive into that, I'm curious to hear if you agree with that statement. Does it resonate with you?
[00:16:28] Speaker 2: Yes, on all fronts. I think that from a lot of other conversations that I've had both with, I mean, other incidents near misses, internal testing, there's a lot of things where, oh well, we just wouldn't have thought of that, right? There's a lot of elements of, you know what that, we hadn't considered that being a possibility, or, right, and I think that's my opinion on that whole project Glasswing Mythos element as well as when when when when those shocking numbers of vulnerabilities come out, I'm convinced and based on some of the documentation that I read about that, the... It's not like the discover something new in novel. What it is is new novel ways of using what was already there in ways that maybe hadn't previously been abused or hadn't previously been exploited, right? So I think that there is new. I think that most of what we see as new though is just new approach instead of like Brandon. New category, I guess is one way to think of it. But then there's also the element of policy. What's going to say? With how big environments have gotten, right? And how much sprawl, how many different third and fourth parties that are out, right? One of the fundamentals of good security right is just knowing what you have is having good inventory. And I think that that's become untenable period, except now that, I mean, Especially with the increased context that that a lot of these AISOs have now, that's not a problem. It's a problem for people relying on legacy tools. If you can't rapidly and accurately keep an updated map of what you have, what's connected, and what's flowing through, then it's really hard for you to keep up on changes and improvements that need to be made and potential issues. Whereas if you have that good enablement where You're feeding everything into that context. It's a lot easier to not miss. I mean right of course There's always gonna be it's never gonna be complete But I think that gap shrinks a lot when you're relying on something that doesn't need to read through the inventors read through the sheets
[00:18:39] Shoval: That -'s point of visibility you mentioned. It's like super interesting because we thought on this direction also. And I'm curious to hear like, how do you create this visibility at the moment?
[00:18:55] Speaker 2: Um right now. We're not sure We're trying to make this shift ourselves. So like I said, I I mean with with in my history I I've historically just kind of been the well, I mean these are the big projects I'm gonna do whatever I can in the meantime and that's been one of the things on my mind is Is is we we've not shifted that part of our fundamentals we focused a lot and improved our
[00:19:22] Shoval: But - can I ask like,
[00:19:22] Speaker 2: a lot of our neighborhood
[00:19:24] Shoval: Why do you think you know? You - need to share. You -'ve achieved your fundamental?
[00:19:28] Speaker: You
[00:19:31] Shoval: will not work in the new era, in your opinion?
[00:19:37] Speaker 2: Yes, I think that I guess. The reason that I'm not optimistic that it'll work in its current form is because it doesn't move fast enough. I guess if I had to summarize it, it just doesn't move fast enough. It still requires a person to be on or there to be an integration that notifies a person, the degree of automation and autonomous, I hate using these terms, but I mean, there's no other way around it. But - essentially, autonomous action, being able to delegate certain actions to say, Look ", this is the problem, go fix it," is still based purely from human to human, maybe with some automated messaging. That's not automated, right? That's automated notifications. But in terms of action and due diligence, and discretion, and actual remediation, remediative efforts, it's all still manual. So, I mean, and I think there's a couple things in there, right? Automated remediation. I don't expect there to be a--
[00:20:37] Speaker: All - right. - All right. - All right.
[00:20:37] Speaker 2: that'll fix everything because sometimes business context will just dictate that, You " know what? This is too complex, and I'm not comfortable introducing potential breaking changes until we're sure," right? But for something like, "Hey, this is just a bad version. This is-- or like, this version of this dependency is out of date. Just go fix it, or get it into stage at least, and then run it through the automated regression testing." So, there's a lot of things like that where we just can't do it because we're relying on very traditional, not that it's bad or wrong, it's just not where I feel we need to be. We're relying on notifications to say, "Hey, person, go tell other person that this is happening," and then we have to have the discussion and fix it instead of, "Hey people, by the way, this is happening. These are the actions I've taken. I need you to review and push the button to say that this is an acceptable fix." That's closer to the state that I'd like to be as soon as possible.
[00:21:31] Shoval: So if I understand your-- Yes, sorry, Eva, go ahead.
[00:21:35] Speaker: And you.
[00:21:36] Speaker 1: plan to address this problem in the next year in the company you work for.
[00:21:41] Speaker 2: I hope to. Right now, budget is one of the biggest issues, like a lot of companies, right? I want to find a good balance between having skilled professionals, having a skilled team builds tools that we think will work well for our context. I want to look at options, say maybe sky level, that is sky level. Did I remember that right? Sky layer, sky layer.
[00:22:09] Shoval: It -'s got a layer. It's got a layer. It's okay, it's just
[00:22:10] Speaker 2: My apologies. I don't
[00:22:12] Shoval: a temporary domain.
[00:22:12] Speaker 2: know. And seeing how that might affect it. But ultimately, I'm not set on a single. Solution really I like finding holistic solutions and approaches that will help us solve the problems long term, not just well this is painful right now how do we make this hurt less, but I'm fine suffering a little bit more I guess putting another one fine suffering a little more to really understand the suffering a little bit more I guess putting another one fine suffering a little more to really Understand what the problem is and how to fix it and get it fixed the first time so that as the problem evolves, we can evolve with it.
[00:22:48] Shoval: Cool -. I have one small question and then I want wanna share with you where our mind went because it's kind of similar, but not exactly the same. And I want to hear your thoughts and we have just a few more minutes to go. So I wanted to ask, like if I understand correctly
[00:23:02] Speaker: Yeah.
[00:23:04] Shoval: what you described earlier, you feel like you have a, you have good visibility and good monitoring. the place of the day. you want to make more autonomous is the after after it did an event detected like to the investigation or mediation like the the channel action afterwards you would love to do more like autonomously
[00:23:32] Speaker 2: Partially, that's partially accurate. So I do want to improve our visibility. I feel like you can't ever know too much. I know there's the whole issue in concern with too much noise and say a sim or a sore, right? I know that's a real problem, but I think that that's, I mean, lack of better terms, at least in the early stages of skill issue where you have to know what's important, because if you tune it right, then you want more. You want more of the early indicators. So I think there are So, I think that's one of the things that we need to do is to get our improvements that I think across the board, not just my organization, but talking with others that can be made there. We need better insights, better availability of knowing what we have and what's passing through. And just, I guess, to add a little more context to the last part of, I don't want to wait for an event, I guess, as part of it. Both reactive and preventative actions, I think, need to be more, again, don't care for the term, but essentially autonomous. I'd like to be able to set the rules and thresholds for, well, if there's a breaking change that will interrupt production access, make no changes, you can stage this. If this is, if you are 99.99% confident that implementing this change will not introduce a breaking change and it addresses any degree of exploitable vulnerability, just go deploy it, make it, and have the process, right? Make the ticket, have a pull request, tag someone for review or something like that, but after that review, just go deploy it. So I think that there needs to be more movement in that direction, where it's not waiting for, okay, well, team of people, what do we need to do? we need to do this, right? After a certain point, we need that confidence that a system's gonna be able to say, this is a problem for one reason or another, right? Whether it might not even be a direct security problem, but you're lacking visibility here, we should implement this. I'd like a system of capabilities that helps support that. So both the preventative and the reactive processes.
[00:25:45] Shoval: Cool. I see we have one minute left. Do you have a few more minutes to share?
[00:25:51] Speaker: Yeah.
[00:25:54] Shoval: I can even
[00:25:55] Speaker: Yes.
[00:25:56] Shoval: write it to you and you can maybe.
[00:26:01] Speaker 2: Let's take, let's take two or three more minutes. Sorry to interrupt. Let's take two or three more minutes. I do have a hard stop at the top of the hour, but I can take a quick peek at what you have.
[00:26:08] Shoval: Amazing. So I do it super, super, super fast. So basically we talked before about the unpredictability of attacks and the fact you don't really know how this will look like and what places it, it will happen and will go from. So basically, like it made us think that most of the current security stock is based on known patterns, you know, the places we put the control, the policies we create are best on the market. So, or known stuff as, as a person that built a lot of security product. I know that most of them based on the known part of the, of the, of the story. And we think that it won't work anymore. And like we had like a nice analogy of securing a bank. Like, imagine you have one guard to secure your bank. So he will go to the vault room and check it all the time. It will be on the entrance and one in a one in every hour will do around around the building So you don't have to be very very very smart Attacker to understand where the gaps you just need to be there and try a lot of things and you will find a place where the I don't know the shift change and there is no one at the entrance in the vault room and you can do the attack chain. So basically it made us think that the security stack at the moment have like a kind of a security routine that make us weak because it's very predictable and we are facing the word an unpredictable attack. So you can't fight unpredictable things with predictable controls. So we basically think about those areas to not get the solution but those kind of places to investigate and to find if there is any way we can you know face the unpredictability of that tax and that's it I did it's very fast.
[00:28:13] Speaker 2: No, I think thesis-wise that that's reasonable. I and this and this just isn't just you for for you two. I think that just in general that that's categorically the shift that needs to happen. And that the first folks in each, I guess each of the specializations that can articulate how non-deterministic solutions can protect against non-detectable threats. terministic attack vectors and paths is gonna be really successful. And I mean that also generally when I say attacker, I think that's really, I mean that at a high level because it's the same thing with compliance, for example. Right? We're coming into a point where not everything is rational, not everything is understood because the inputs are so variable and creativity is starting to become more valued. So I think that from a high level, This is-- this is really something that we can, that yeah, if you can articulate that and express it in your product, that that'll be very compelling.
[00:29:29] Shoval: Interesting -. Okay, so we don't want to take any more of your time. So I'll say thank you for the feedback. And you know, if you have like any more thoughts around it, you know, going through the day, we would love to hear them. And of course, we would love to, you know, keep in touch and you know, share with you more in our journey because we love to, you know, include good people in our story and journey.
[00:29:54] Speaker: Thank you.
