Date: 2026-09-10
Topic: AI Threats and Defense Strategies
Drive File ID: 1mX0zI3du4aI5DcxEzeLncqGSYek1tnYg
Source: google-drive-pdf

[00:00:00] Shoval: I think I would just dive in and stop me like anytime you want Yeah, I think does it sounds good perfect, okay, so
[00:00:12] Speaker: Yeah.
[00:00:13] Shoval: we talk about network and we talk basically about the fact that AI changed the ecosystem attacks became faster with larger scale and we assuming that the current network are the stack you have is not robust enough to face with this no type of attacks. And we talked about the fact that the network totally forgotten. You have a lot of tools sites and you need to understand the risk above all of that and To create a visibility to this risk and it's very difficult with the current tools Basically as we shared with you we got a lot of signals that CISOs Not like they understand the the problem the pain they have it, but it's not super urgent for them they not feel like a big risk there, so they're not really fear from not having visibility. And we try to go back to the first question we asked ourselves, why this became so urgent in our opinion, why it's become so dangerous, so we go back to how AI changed the tax. And the worst one thing that stood out to us, and that is not only the scale and the speed, it's also the unpredictability. Like the incident of OpenAI and Agingface is a great example, like the agents using file system as a message board, like was kind of a new way of transforming information in your kill, in your kill chain, in your attack sequence. And that's great, something that we did not see before. And we believe that the current security stack will not detect because they are not planned to detect those kind of stuff. And that made us--
[00:02:17] Speaker 1: Gotcha.
[00:02:18] Shoval: made us think that maybe this is the main problem, that those unpredictable, non-deterministic attacks are-- we are fighting them with deterministic security tools, with policies and rules that are usually based on attacks that already happened. And the things will go super fast and will change super fast and will be innovative and new. And we went to a direction that maybe the current security stock is not enough. We actually had like a, feel free by the way to stop me anytime. Like I'll do like the whole pigeon day. Then you can, we can talk about it. But if you need to... stop me in the middle feel free. So basically we had like a nice analogy of securing a bank that we talked about that you know you have a bank you have the vault room you have the entrance you have two guards because that's the resources you have. So one is on the vault room securing the crown jewel and one is on the entrance and basically it's you round around the building every hour and that's what you have, like this is the resources you have. So as an attacker you need to find a specific gap. in the security strategy to enter the bank and you know
[00:03:45] Speaker 2: Mm-hmm.
[00:03:46] Shoval: I don't know the guard from the vault room went to the toilet and exactly in the same time the guard did the round around the building so that's the perfect time to do the attack so it takes the effort to find this pet but now when we have like a genetic attackers that always there always seeing always like trying new stuff trying new ways, or failed and go back and try again, they will probably will find this gap like, they find it, I don't know which fast, but they will find it for humans. It was difficult and for AI agents, it's easier. So we thought like... why why it's why there's no way they won't attack is that because your security strategy is pretty much predictable like you have sick routine of like when you can go to the bathroom when the shift change where the guard do the round around the building like those are Sequence says that we feel that the security product the current security products are built based on them, are predictable. And as an attacker that can try a lot of new ways right now, that's like easy to find the gaps there. So maybe it was like totally madness, what I told you right now.
[00:05:18] Speaker 1: You just don't understand like how like, how do you, because the problem is, is when you have a thinking system against a thinking system, you start to get into, you know, who can move quicker, who can observe or decide max quicker, right?
[00:05:37] Shoval: Yeah -.
[00:05:39] Speaker 1: That's, that's where I just, that's where my, like, I don't know how you can do it.
[00:05:43] Shoval: Like - how we can do something that,
[00:05:44] Speaker 1: Different. Not secure the environment, but like, I mean, that-- like, you can-- you know, I think-- I think the place for AI is in managing deterministic things, right? The non-deterministic needs to be in kind of the management and the setting up defenses and stuff like that. And I think that the deterministic is what actually stops the attacks. Maybe I'm wrong.
[00:06:18] Shoval: Can you explain it a bit more? I'm not sure I understand.
[00:06:24] Speaker 1: So when you look at all of the stuff that we block as a company, network layer blocks the most bad shit by a long shot. And then there's email security and then all the way at the end is end point security, because if we're doing our job right, then CrowdStrike doesn't have to do shit. And so... And then so I think like the problem is is that like when something's trying to get into your network, it either works or doesn't. So the something that what's going to stop it is deterministic rules, right? you know, signatures, you know, network blocks, all those kinds of things, right?
[00:07:28] Shoval: yeah
[00:07:29] Speaker 1: Now, once it's infiltrated, you can do what a SOC analyst does or something like that and say, Hey ", we need to isolate this machine to stop this attack," right? But I think speed ultimately goes to the attacker. Because when you're reacting, you're reacting. Right? So I think back to like Colonel Boyd used to have this, in the military used to have the observe orient decide an act loop. So, and the goal is when you're in a war, you're trying to out-oodle loop your enemy. You're trying to observe- orient decide and act faster than them and kill them faster than they're killing you. And I think about-- about that a lot in like sock defense is like, you know, if they have infiltrated your network, they already have the initiative, they already are in there. Right? And so you can react and isolate, but overall, if they're, you know, if they've started to move, you're reacting to them and reaction is never as fast as the deterministic rules, reaction is never as fast as the deterministic rules.
[00:08:45] Shoval: Yeah -, I totally understand what you're saying.
[00:08:49] Speaker 2: I want to hear your thoughts about the predictability and unpredictability in front of the deterministic rules and policies. Like you say, the signatures and the IOCs and the rules, they will block eventually the attack. But do you think the unpredictability is a real risk? Like, do you think that if an agent attacker will try to attack and it will invent out of the blue a new way to abuse your infrastructure and use it to proceed in the attack, like what happened in DSE Wiki, this Wiki it got published, do you think the unpredictability will be solved by deterministic rules?
[00:09:53] Speaker 1: I think yes.
[00:10:00] Shoval: Okay.
[00:10:01] Speaker 1: I mean, because like, I don't see that AI isn't inventing zero days on the fly that well, right? Like, you know, it's using known exploits and stuff like that. You know, it requires a lot of money and a lot of compute to find a zero day flaw, right? And so like, for the most part, it's going to try to exploit known vulnerabilities and things like that. And those are what you're trying to manage and minimize your attack path minimize the change. that they can take. I don't know if that makes sense.
[00:10:46] Speaker 2: You know what happened in the incident of OpenAI with the German Wiki site? Now the 3000 agents acted there. Their behavior was really interesting because they didn't use any vulnerability or any CVE, they didn't exploit. They just used it as a message board because it's a wiki website so they could edit the text and they just used the edited text to be their message board. So the German website, they saw more than 15,000 changes in the months and after the investigation they found that the 3000 agents from OpenAI site used it, used their site as a message board and actually they didn't use any vulnerability to do it, they just used the primitive editing a weekly site.
[00:11:51] Speaker 1: Yeah, I mean that's you know that's a malware and bad guys have been using that for a long time, right? So, you know, that's not, you know, using a message board isn't anything new. So I don't know. I, I, I'm not sure I understand. I guess it's just the volume of the use of it.
[00:12:26] Shoval: Yeah. Okay. So if I understand correctly, you feel that like the current security stock, like if we just, or even, even not, maybe not, like the current security stock is enough. If you do it smart and you do it reasonable, you can stop the new types of attack by that because those are not really new things, but just a new way of using same things.
[00:13:05] Speaker 1: What's different between an agent and a human?
[00:13:09] Speaker 2: Agent can do it faster. Speed,
[00:13:12] Speaker 1: scale, and intent. An agent doesn't have human repercussions. So speed, scale, and intent are the big three differences.
[00:13:29] Shoval: like,
[00:13:30] Speaker 1: all of the systems we have created. are designed to stop humans from doing bad things. So I think if we need-- what do we need to do to stop agents? It means that we have to do all those things just better, because the speed is faster. or the scale is faster, the scale can go bigger. And intent is not something like, we have good humans, we have bad humans, we have good AI, we have bad AI, right? So I think
[00:14:10] Speaker 2: we have to use AI
[00:14:10] Speaker 1: to test and learn faster and manage our defenses faster. I just don't see how, and a respond faster, I just don't see how you can, you know, how non- deterministic becomes an actual defense versus a response, if that makes sense.
[00:14:36] Shoval: yeah that's totally
[00:14:37] Speaker: Yeah -.
[00:14:40] Shoval: like do you do any changes or on your current security stack to for those kind of new attacks or just you're just like do it's good because this is your job basically.
[00:14:59] Speaker 1: No -, no, I mean, the goal is how do you manage faster? How do you respond faster? Right? So, you know, we have ReliaQuest as our sock. We're moving to an agentic sock
[00:15:11] Shoval: yeah.
[00:15:12] Speaker 1: so that we can do more automatic threat hunts, stuff like that. We're using AI to Red Team and do attack path analysis and stuff like that. So I think those are places where you have to be able to move faster to manage your environment. We're using. Uh... We're doing some advanced vulnerability management type stuff. So really understanding where the vulnerability is in our environment, how reachable it is, that kind of stuff. Because you're never going to be able to patch all the vulnerabilities faster. You've got to really focus on what needs to be patch faster. Right? So... In my mind, at least, that's the way it needs to go is AI. AI needs to help teams run faster and move faster. But I don't understand how the defenses can be, how the defenses can be not, the response can be non-deterministic, but the defensive has to be not deterministic because it can move faster than AI.
[00:16:16] Shoval: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I actually really liked your points about the fact that, you know, if the attacker is already in your environment, he has the advantage of being there first. And
[00:16:30] Speaker 2: Mm-hmm.
[00:16:32] Shoval: so, yeah, that's a very good thing to think about, like I'm saying we're in time so I don't want to
[00:16:40] Speaker 1: If that's helpful. Yeah, I'm really sorry I was late guys, but I'm happy to chat, happy to chat another time.
[00:16:45] Shoval: That's totally okay and the feedback was
[00:16:50] Speaker 2: Yeah, it's a good feedback. No, this is amazing.
[00:17:03] Speaker 1: Yeah, I tend to be a contrarian too, so I would ask for second opinions for sure. Okay, awesome. Well, you guys be safe.
[00:17:14] Speaker 2: Thank you very much.
[00:17:15] Speaker 1: Happy Friday, Eve. Take care. Bye.
[00:17:17] Speaker 2: Bye.
[00:17:19] Shoval: Oof.
