Date: 2026-08-31
Topic: CISO Strategy and Network Security
Drive File ID: 1n7ER7qjv-WPpQ5Cm6iv6zecfgFrMunjI
Source: google-drive-pdf

[00:00:00] Speaker 1: Hello.
[00:00:02] Speaker 2: Hola.
[00:00:08] Speaker 1: Do you see that I'm a fan now?
[00:00:10] Speaker: No.
[00:00:11] Speaker 2: Yep.
[00:00:13] Speaker 1: I told them that they are a fan. Without any fans. Everyone told me to do it and I said, "Okay, let's do it."
[00:00:23] Speaker: You still have a question?
[00:00:23] Speaker 2: So I'd like to show you.
[00:00:24] Speaker 1: Yes, I do. I do it in Zoom because Zoom is the best.
[00:00:29] Speaker 2: I'd like to give away.
[00:00:31] Speaker: Yes.
[00:00:31] Speaker 1: I only have 14 days left and then I have to send them.
[00:00:36] Speaker 2: No, thanks.
[00:00:46] Speaker 1: I don't know how to play with Leda. You know?
[00:00:52] Shoval: Once.
[00:00:54] Speaker: Once I wrote the emails.
[00:00:56] Speaker 1: No, but I wrote down that we have a new direction and I'm looking forward to it. And we hoped for a good time because we did so many tricks on the way.
[00:01:03] Speaker 3: Right -.
[00:01:47] Speaker 2: Amen, amen. Oh, I forgot to say that in Korean. That's what I said. Mireille Lewis. Mireille Lewis, the host. There you go.
[00:02:11] Speaker 1: in foreign language
[00:02:41] Speaker: laughs
[00:02:48] Speaker 2: Kavati cafe in the name of Kim Chi, Nano-Licas. Now Roman 3-7-7. Kavati is a cafe, he looks like a mom. He doesn't seem to be able to use his phone in the near future. He opened LinkedIn, so we got him.
[00:03:07] Speaker 3: Yes,
[00:03:09] Speaker 2: he's a mom, he made a lot of requests, he's like "We got a new customer". "We
[00:03:14] Speaker 1: What do you mean by "in a hurry"?
[00:03:16] Speaker 2: got a new customer".
[00:03:19] Speaker 1: A - nice one. -It's
[00:03:20] Speaker 2: It's a feature, there are a few of them. I tried to get one.
[00:03:24] Speaker 1: Very - nice. -Yes.
[00:03:26] Shoval: Okay, interesting. How - hope you enjoyed it. -
[00:03:31] Speaker 2: I tried to get one, and he opened it in a second. He's one of the best openers in the world. And I hope that we will be able to find out more about him.
[00:03:41] Shoval: Nice.
[00:03:45] Speaker: Hello -. -
[00:03:45] Speaker 3: Doing
[00:03:45] Speaker 1: Hello.
[00:03:49] Speaker 3: good. How are you guys doing?
[00:03:51] Speaker 2: Very good.
[00:03:55] Shoval: I wanted to say that we are starting the week, but we already started it yesterday.
[00:04:02] Speaker 3: I'm aware.
[00:04:03] Shoval: Yeah. Israel is an... I guess you know it's kind of in Jewish, Israeli name.
[00:04:15] Speaker 3: They named the country after me. I'm aware.
[00:04:18] Shoval: Yeah. Yeah. Do you have like... I forget to say it, but... -
[00:04:25] Speaker: Roots?
[00:04:25] Speaker 2: Good.
[00:04:27] Speaker 3: Yeah, my first cousin in Matula. My daughter just finished.
[00:04:32] Speaker 2: Oh, I can see Kipa.
[00:04:34] Speaker 3: Yeah, yeah, my daughter finished seminary in Svat, but she just came back already. She's back from the year from there. Oh yeah, my only family is Matula all the way up north.
[00:04:48] Shoval: Nice. We always happy, you know,
[00:04:49] Speaker 3: Yeah.
[00:04:51] Shoval: to talk with people that are part of the big family,
[00:04:56] Speaker 1: the Jewish
[00:04:57] Shoval: people.
[00:04:58] Speaker 2: You know, I have a I have Orthodox family, so it's very inspiring for me to see.
[00:05:05] Speaker 3: Sorry to hear that. Where do they live?
[00:05:13] Speaker 2: Here in Cholón, next to Tel Aviv.
[00:05:15] Speaker 3: Cholón, very nice. Alright, so you guys are building something, right?
[00:05:20] Speaker 2: Yeah.
[00:05:21] Shoval: Exactly. So I'll share a bit more about the goal for this conversation from our side. Before I start, Israel, do you mind if we will record this? Perfect.
[00:05:33] Speaker 2: Thanks.
[00:05:34] Shoval: So I do
[00:05:34] Speaker 1: that.
[00:05:37] Speaker: Cool. Recording in progress.
[00:05:40] Shoval: Yes, I mentioned on the message, Yvonne and I are building our own company right now. So our goal to this conversation is, of course, to do a short introduction, to share our story to you, and hearing your feedback. and then to, of course, hear about you and your experience and to share some of the directions that we are exploring right now We are basically at the beginning, like on the ideation stage. You musta saw it by yourself but there is like the market is a bit in a mess because of all of the AI so we are doing the exploration mode and ideation mode very carefully right now to find a real problem and a pain that we should address too but we'll start with the introduction and then we will dive into that how does it sound to
[00:06:38] Speaker 3: Perfect.
[00:06:39] Shoval: perfect okay so I start, I'm Chauval. I started in cyber 10 years ago in the unit 8200, like most of the founders here in Israel. There I actually met you, Val. We both serve in the department that were responsible for the DevOps and IED infrastructure. infrastructure kind of did the role of Devils engineer combined with a security engineer. So we had to be responsible to the infrastructure both from the operational side but also from the security perspective. I served for five and a half years, released as a captain and then did a bit of a shift into a product management roles. I was always super curious about like why products are built in the way they're built and like pains of customers. Actually part of our mutual work in the department of Yuval and I was was around that and understanding like customers pains so I became product manager in multiple cybersecurity companies, started at a company called Perception Point, was around work space security, led there all the detection capabilities, did a lot of, back then it was innovative because we worked a lot with AI and agents before people knew what is ChagPT and agents. the company was acquired by Fortinet. So worked there for three years, And then I moved to another cybersecurity company called Coisecurity, also great company, great customers, a lot of innovative stuff in terms of how we use AI. this company was acquired as well by Palo Alto. And after that, I realized it's my cue to go to my journey with Yuval. Yuval and I know each other for many years from the military service. So we always dreamed to go back and work together again. So this was kind of a mutual dream. And I let Yuval share his experience because we both started on the same place. but we took like different directions I went to the product manager, more market and company. customer side and you've all dived into the technology so is the technical genius here
[00:09:15] Speaker 2: Actually, Israel Shoval, she's a genius product manager. And as a technical and solution guy, I learned a lot from Shoval about how to find the pain points and things. And Shoval didn't tell you that she was my first commander in 8200 units.
[00:09:37] Shoval: We're a short time.
[00:09:39] Speaker 2: It - was time, yeah, but together we developed really good apps. We developed the app that helped all the unit to manage and operate the complex network they have there. And it's still working until today in serving what? we developed. And after a good time with the developing together things, when Chauval was the product manager and I was the developer, I promoted to be a team lead. And two years ago I promoted again to be the head of the DevOps and infrastructure department. And there I led 14 engineers across five teams. We managed large scale network, multiple networks in multi zones, complex networks with very high security restrictions. And we were responsible for petabytes of data, storage systems, production environments, and it was a good journey. And after I think I started as a director of DevOps necessary at Paragon. It's a cyber company which acquired by private equity called RedLattice. And I've been there for two years and a half. And then there, my teams, they developed tailor-made solutions for the products network. So we took the developing side and we took the network side and we developed... great solutions for our customers and then we quitted the Paragon and started with the new journey of building and we would love to hear about you.
[00:11:27] Speaker 3: When did this journey start? Like how long ago?
[00:11:30] Shoval: So basically we're talking about it like for 10 years I can say but officially we started One month ago we started to
[00:11:42] Speaker 3: Yeah.
[00:11:45] Shoval: run our tesis with CISOs so we did
[00:11:52] Speaker 3: Robert and yeah, roughly how many CISOs have you talked to already? 12 Paragon estimate?
[00:11:57] Shoval: Around 30?
[00:11:59] Speaker 3: 30. Okay, good. Okay, so I've been in security now for 20 years, always financial services, always in New York. But now I took a little bit of a detour with a company called Rogo. Rogo is an AI product company selling to financial services. That's where they need me, they need me for the client side. So that's where I'm talking to a lot of the clients to make sure that they're comfortable with our product, that we have product security and all that good stuff. But before then it was all either hedge funds or big banks. And over the past, I think four, four or five years, I got involved with a lot of Is really start up ecosystem, well, starting with YL and then, you know, Sheva, now Swish, and teammate, and Guilote, and
[00:12:46] Speaker: The old, uh, then I grew
[00:12:46] Speaker 3: Viola. And then it grew, and then the list grew and grew and grew to the US-based DCs. And now, people just randomly reach out. So, I don't know if you got my name from somebody else, you just found me on LinkedIn, but it's usually either people find me on LinkedIn or they hear from somebody in some WhatsApp group that talk to this guy because, I don't know, maybe I give good advice, maybe I don't. You'll be the judge of that when we're done.
[00:13:11] Shoval: Cool. Actually we found you on LinkedIn, you know, with one of our research. Like we are trying to find CISOs and security leaders that when that had multiple growth already
[00:13:28] Speaker 3: No.
[00:13:29] Shoval: in multiple types of organization because we feel like the problem is like we did a lot of problem you know we are as I mentioned we are going through this process like few months already and we had a few direction and we always shift a little bit something like that I'll share with you what we're working on right now so basically as you've all shared we both came from infrastructure from network it was big part of our roles and we felt like there was not a lot of changes there recently and the word was changed. So recently we're exploring how CISOs managing their risk in their networks specifically in hybrid environments like not only on the cloud because we know we have there are there are few products that help you to manage the risk of your network in the cloud but on hybrid environment. And I must say that the signals are mixed at the moment. So we don't have a clear view. But we would love to hear your thoughts about this area and how you manage risk around network in the organization you worked for?
[00:14:58] Speaker 3: So there is a company called Nimble Security, I don't know if you heard of them here in the US. There's a company called Nimble Security. I think they're still stealth. The founder is Ross Haliliuk, I think. You could find, LinkedIn, he's a writer, a blogger, he is an author, he wrote a book. But I would say they're like in the, let's call it the Star SPM space, so network security posture management for as a generic term, not as a category. And the word you're trying to solve for is, um, and misconfigurations across your entire tech stack, network stack, starting with the firewall. His co-founder is an eight year Palo Alto veterans. That's where they're starting. And I liked what they're doing. So I don't know if that's the direction you're going. In general, I just want to be just talk about risk in general on a hybrid. I mean, the way to do that is you have to hire a really good security engineer. You have to have a network architect and a security network security engineer that understands how to, you know, build a different thing. For example, at MIO, I needed to build We wanted to put in a NAC solution. We didn't even have a NAC network access control. So you want to put in Cisco ICE, ISE. So you need a guy that knows how to do that really well, has done that really well, and doesn't impact the internal network when you set it up. Cause ' it could be very impactful in a negative way if you don't set it up right. We wanted to set up network segmentation. Use their networks on Benning's company. Even that, so you need somebody that has the knowledge and that's always expensive and difficult to define the right people.
[00:16:29] Shoval: And this guy is under you, like under the CISO?
[00:16:33] Speaker 3: to do. No, no. So usually, so that's where you're going to find a lot of differences there every season. You talk to them, you're probably hearing this already. Network typically sits on their IT but the network security component, the policies of the firewall and which categories on the web proxy you block the policy set by security and that's where you typically have that handoff. A lot of VCs and ideating teams don't like that because they're sitting because then you're left you're getting pointed in different direction like who's your who you're selling to so that's how you have to figure out the solution to that one.
[00:17:08] Shoval: Yeah, that's exactly the reason why I asked, because we're already debating on the question. Like if there is a way to, there is a specific responsibility there is that is under the CISO.
[00:17:24] Speaker 3: Yeah for the most part, it's like the security best practices policy setting. So if you're going to be in that world and like using AI, let's say natively to suggest the right types of policies and right configurations, that makes the security life, the CSO life, makes it easier. If you're going on to the implementation side, right, so it could be as broad as changes to network, right? So do that in a safe, secure way using AI where you can build, you could actually look, You can make a recommendation where a particular change is good or not All the organizational context, upstreet, downstream impacts. and provide the assurance that you're not going to have an impact. That's like the CTO network side people. Or you could find the overlap. You find the overlap and what you could provide is actually abused by both teams.
[00:18:13] Shoval: I - want to challenge it a bit more. Like if you are talking about the suggestion part, the thing that under the CISO, do you think like that's problem, this is not a new problem. Like they have it for many years and they want, there is a reason there is no product or solution there. Do you think that now CISO will put their effort and resources there?
[00:18:40] Speaker 3: Good question. Everyone's distracted with AI and security for AI. So I'm very thankful that you're not building security for AI and governance and visibility for agents. Thank you very much. We appreciate that
[00:18:51] Shoval: We want to go there. Any chance we will go there.
[00:18:51] Speaker 3: as a practitioner. Yeah. So would a CISO pay attention to it? It's hard to tell. I don't know. I mean, look at, like, I don't even know why Toofin's still around. For firewall rule, it's like a dumb tool, but they're still around. Why? Why couldn't somebody build an AI native version of that?
[00:19:13] Speaker: Right? - Yeah.
[00:19:15] Speaker 3: Maybe there is. Maybe there are companies. And maybe there's a reason why people are not building in that space because it's an old category. What I find interesting is as the industry gets disrupted by different things, like going back 10, 15 years to cloud, and now it's all AI, we always circle back to the foundations, the fundamentals of what a security program needs to have. And we always tend to forget it with the next new shiny thing. But like patch management is important, that never goes away. Strong network security principles doesn't go away. Training your users doesn't go away or defensive depth methodologies. Whatever that is, all your control stack, doesn't go away. And sometimes it takes coming back, And the question is how-- How far are we down this AI rabbit hole and when are people going to start coming back to focus back on the fundamentals? And that's what you'll need for the network. Unless, I mean, I see a lot of vendors and startups now doing, you know, they're bringing in like the, let's call it table stakes stuff to be relevant in the AI world, they bringing in, you know, okay, so you have a policy engine that could use plain English is basically using an L11 and I could configure policy with plain English language. Versus, you know, so that's AI bolted on. It's not really your, but I, or providing the visibility to what agents are doing a lot of vendors like an insider risk vendors doing like, oh yeah, I can. because I have in your browser I could see what people are doing on shadow AI. So they just bring all these other things in that the necessarily court their product. But on the policy side, I'm trying to think, where would policy need to be set besides firewall, besides the web proxy? So you have network access control systems. I don't know how broad you're going within the network stack. Is it just firewall? Are you going to routers and switches? Are you going to network segmentation? I mean, the network stack is pretty broad itself. But all these technologies, whether it's any vendor, Cisco or any other vendor, comes with a bug. It's a bunch of policy configuration stuff. Probably not. And are customers squeezing the full ROI out of them?
[00:21:26] Shoval: Yeah, so that's a question we're asking ourselves also, like how many of them we want to cover, basically because we are still on ideation, like we are feeling that we will go to the direction their market will lead us. Again, I said that we are not still connected.
[00:21:47] Speaker 1: and we don't have a...
[00:21:48] Speaker 3: Right.
[00:21:48] Shoval: conviction that this is the right direction. Because I feel like every CISO we ask those questions recently, answers in the same way as you, and we don't get an answer, Yeah ", that's super important. We need this product. We have it on the plan for 2027." So that's... I feel those are questions we need to ask later
[00:22:16] Speaker 3: signals. Yeah.
[00:22:19] Shoval: like we still on the basings but you know what let's let's leave this direction for a few minutes you've all let me know if you have any question around that but let's talk about 2027 in general
[00:22:29] Speaker 2: Go ahead. Go ahead.
[00:22:35] Shoval: what do you think is like the new budget line the big project that will be in the CISO plan for 2027
[00:22:48] Speaker 3: Yeah, I don't know. Tough one. I think they're, they have to figure out how to patch and do change management and patch management faster. Right. So,
[00:22:58] Shoval: Again like coming back to the basics.
[00:22:58] Speaker 3: if, if...
[00:23:00] Speaker: Yeah.
[00:23:02] Speaker 3: Yeah. Well, not just the basics, if mythos and fable and all that stuff comes true, and the the vulnerabilities that these models discover that they're really good at. And I have nation state actors, the banks are typically I'll talk financial services, but banks are typically targeted by nation state actors, people that just don't like America. And then you have the financial fraud all the Eastern European type threat actors that just want to steal money and ransom art so on. they if they're the barrier to entry is lower, the use of these models, then what should happen is we should have an apocalypse of vulnerabilities. It's still, again, a lot of its marketing fluff for the IPOs of Entropic and OpenAI, but those models are really good at stringing together informational and low-level vulnerabilities to then do an RCE or data exfiltration. So if that all comes true, CESA's are going to have to get much faster. in being able to remediate vulnerabilities in a way that they have to trust their vendors to do auto remediation no more human in the loop We have to get really comfortable fast with allowing These AI native startups or whatever you want to call them whether the vulnerability management platforms Like the tenable rapid seven-polis, you know, they've been around forever. They're not going anywhere But there's definitely room for something to come out and there's a lot of players in the space already But I think whoever figures out the, earning the trust of a practitioner or see so to be able to make changes within, whether it's network or it's a patch or it's a change or a config change and give them the assurance that we can do that in an automated way without breaking anything, without needing you in the loop. That's the next big thing in my book. But I'm going back to your 27 is yeah, change management, patch management that would be on top on the list. I still think even on security stuff, I think people are still struggling with implementing AI on the business side. Right, even people that buy rogoh on the banks implement and use it and may get their value out of it, but even on the security side, leveraging AI for the internal moving faster within security. think CISOs today that are adopting AI is mostly in stock. And I That's where I see the most of the adoption in the Security Operations Center.
[00:25:24] Shoval: Yeah, but I sure you saw that there are a lot of startups there as well.
[00:25:31] Speaker 3: Yeah, well, I'm biased to that one, the Vestern Daylight. So Daylight is a little different, the agentic MDR, it's not really an AI sockbox, but there's a difference between the vendors that are coming onto the market versus not all the same. But I'm saying, not vendor-wise, but I'm saying even security practitioners are figuring out, meaning that part of their thinking for 27 is how do I do more with less? Everyone's feeling the pressure, budget's getting pressured. Headcount is getting pressured. So if I need to do more with less, with less people, let's say, I need to adopt AI and what use cases am I going to adopt before? And how do I actually get the ROI so I could do more with less versus just bullshit stuff, you know?
[00:26:16] Shoval: And besides all these sock roles and people, what are the second places there are like
[00:26:29] Speaker 3: Oh, that's a good question. Good question. GRC, oh shit, GRC. No one likes GRC. Everyone hates GRC. I'm saying, I'm saying, I, the Aiding teams don't like, DCs don't like GRC either. Just anecdotally, just so you know that. Governance risk compliance. I'm just saying this, the role that I'm sitting at a rogo is like I'm sitting in front of these big banks Biggest banks in the world and they're asking a shit ton of questions. They have due diligence questionnaires And they're constantly asking questions across like they did they want you they want to see all the controls that you're doing better than They're doing themselves and they know where their skeletons lie but it doesn't matter. know they stink at IAM, they're going to force you to do the best IAM policies, the most least privileged and so on and so forth. And it's a tough job. Even with AI, with our use of AI to automatically fill out DDQs, that doesn't solve the problem. You still need technical depth, and that's where GRC's fall short. The GRC analysts are not technically, you need a solutions architect that spent three years, five years in security to be able to push back on a client's dumb request because you can't tell them, the client's always right. But you could say, what's the threat model of you asking me this question? What is the threat you're trying to,
[00:27:52] Speaker: know?
[00:27:52] Speaker 3: anyway, it's mostly, I think, a people problem versus a technology or maybe there's a technology.
[00:27:58] Shoval: so you're talking more mostly about the part that you need to answer a security question from a customer.
[00:28:07] Speaker 3: Yeah, but that's too narrow. There's been companies that came and built stuff already. There's a company called Friva in the US that was bought. I forgot who bought them, but they were auto-filling. But now that was pre-LLMs. Now with LLMs, you don't need it. Yeah, well, you still need organizational context. What we do is we expose our super agents internally to our code base. Our entire code base is exposed. So I could actually source answers to the DDQs from what actually sees infrastructure as code versus with just an LLM pulling stuff from from their training. Anyway,
[00:28:42] Shoval: And you build it internally.
[00:28:43] Speaker 3: so, well, the agent, yeah, Yeah, but then we use we leverage all yeah the agent we built internally So GRC, yeah, that's probably not a good place to leave it go But GRC is for at least in the startup world even you know true to the truth is even in the banks GRC teams government like governance teams are big
[00:29:07] Shoval: What do you do there?
[00:29:08] Speaker 1: What exactly was there?
[00:29:11] Speaker 3: Bunch of nonsense and I said they're paper pushing your your responsibility Honnington internal audit like having at the big banks you have three lines of defense you have your engineers hands on keyboard Those are the control owners. They build and own the controls the fees. So is usually in that line of one, the line two is usually called like risk oversight, governance, like risk oversight. They oversee the CISOs org, they challenge the CISOs org, and the third line of defense is internal audit. Internal audit, they go around, they do these audits, and you have to now respond. So the governance risk compliance team in the security. function the CISO doesn't want to deal with internal audit so they use that team you deal with audit you just make sure you're closing the findings and dealing with them. Regulatory regulators, regulators, every bank is regulated by five to ten different regulators in the US and then if you're in different jurisdictions you have monetary authority of Singapore, Mass in Singapore, then you have the UK, you're dealing with all the legal entities you have to deal with those exams and questions you get from those people, again governance risk people deal with those
[00:30:17] Shoval: so if I understand correctly that your C position will manage those requests from the regulatory institutes
[00:30:26] Speaker 3: Regulatory could be from it
[00:30:31] Shoval: like what should you need to do, which security best practices you need to operate, stuff like that.
[00:30:38] Speaker 3: Yeah, there's like feedback loop from that team to the CSO to No governance risk compliance they usually are like so I like I went as a Goldman Sachs There was a team there were four major teams one of them was called tech risk governance The name of the department was technology risk and then they had a technology risk governance sub team Uh, and I was on that team was like maybe 35 people globally make it 40 and most of them were not technical.
[00:31:07] Shoval: Cool, cool, interesting. Well, I see that we are almost in time, so I want to be mindful of your time and not to take
[00:31:16] Speaker 3: Yeah.
[00:31:17] Shoval: more than it is. As you see, we are totally exploring, like we don't want to be another
[00:31:28] Speaker 3: I totally, I get it.
[00:31:31] Shoval: So we are doing a real research, you know, and we're putting a lot of time and effort in that. And we would love, like we always circling back and like rethink about stuff, we would love, you know, to keep you in the loop and share updates and maybe, you know, share have and get your feedback in the future. more of the directions we Of
[00:31:52] Speaker 3: True -.
[00:31:53] Shoval: course we will want to be in Hebrew, it's Nudnikim, like, you know, Pr... push it too hard, but we would love to keep you in our journey and you know share with
[00:32:07] Speaker 3: Yeah, maybe go back one last thing to the Yasma 2027. I think another thing to think about is control drift.
[00:32:15] Speaker: right?
[00:32:15] Speaker 3: So as you see, they operate all these different controls. How do you make sure that the controls are operating as you initially design? A lot of the big mature companies have measurements and technology teams that build and measure those controls make sure it doesn't deviate, but a lot of the immature companies don't have anything in that space. What is
[00:32:33] Speaker 2: the control?
[00:32:34] Speaker 3: You could do as simple as an EDR. You have Sentinel-1 crowdstrike and your endpoints. You configure it, you buy it, you configure it. You may have a team that manages it. That team should be going looking at all the release notes every week, every month, every quarter. And if there's new features functionality and enabling testing those new policies and enabling it. So you may have an idea of how great your EDR is, but if your idea of how great it is is divorced from the actual what's actually being implemented, the control is not operating as designed. So your policies may determine exactly how The control should be designed, but if it's not, you need a way to see control drift that you're drifting away from your original intent. And that's just one example. And that's just one example. I used EDR, but it could be, you know, cloud security and cloud, you have multiple different, you know, services. I use DDR, but it could be, you know, cloud security and cloud, you have multiple different You know, like, how do I make sure in cloud it's easier because you can use the native services within cloud to do that. But you can go beyond cloud, you can go data leakage prevention, you can go to every vertical within cyber. Yeah, I mean, like I may have a policy that says all my EBS volumes and AWS have to be. encrypted. That's a statement. Okay, you could use AWS config, you could use all the native services there to do that, but you need to instrument this all to one place, and have a single pane of glass to look at my entire program to see if I have control drip. And if you don't have any control drip, that means, okay, your program's operating tip top, you're good. Chances of a breach is lower left thing.
[00:33:55] Speaker 2: You mean kind of a bluster?
[00:33:58] Speaker 3: Yeah, but I don't like the star SPM space.
[00:33:58] Speaker: Yeah, but I don't like I don't like this dog.
[00:34:01] Speaker 3: Yeah. Anything that ends in security posture management means you're telling me shit that's broken that I have to fix. I don't want vendors to tell me things that are fixed. You need to tell me what needs to be fixed. You fix it for me and tell me that you fixed it. And if you broke something, give me a one click undone on rollback button. If I could say I'm sorry everybody internally at the company and won't happen again.
[00:34:22] Shoval: Well, all this conversation was great just for this statement.
[00:34:23] Speaker 2: I like this approach.
[00:34:32] Speaker 3: That's why they're gonna have to come around. CISOs are deluding themselves if they say, You " can't make a config change in my network." Well, you know what? Again, if those fables come true, you're not going to have a choice and you're going to be underwater. So whoever comes off of the platform that does the order remediation safely, again, in any single vertical pick your vertical and cyber, it's going to be a very big deal. And people are doing that. I'm going to start us. People are doing different areas. They're doing that already.
[00:35:00] Speaker: Right.
[00:35:01] Speaker 3: Now it's like, again, I have to see the market catch up. That's the part that you want to see. The CISO is actually saying, yes, I need a tool that does this for me.
[00:35:10] Speaker 2: But why does the-- sorry, if it's--
[00:35:13] Speaker 3: I forgot.
[00:35:13] Speaker 2: over -- the dime, it--
[00:35:15] Speaker: bad, bad, bad.
[00:35:15] Speaker 3: I have time.
[00:35:16] Shoval: Yeah.
[00:35:17] Speaker 2: Does the remediation part is in the interest of the CISO? It's not in the--
[00:35:26] Speaker 3: Well, it depends.
[00:35:26] Speaker 2: under -- the umbrella of the CIO?
[00:35:28] Speaker 3: Well, it depends. It's a dependent. Yeah, like you talk about, you go, cloud change or network change, yeah. That would probably be under the CIO. So like, it's almost like the product would influence And so again, you're not gonna wanna hear this as people are ideating, does the product influence the reorg and the rethinking of an org structure, or does org structure change over time naturally? And as it changed, then there's build products that work in that space. So I think the first option where the product influence is probably a stupid idea, right? To build something that you think you're gonna change how the orgs are gonna, right? That's probably impossible because like I consider it today and then I can argue and re-org and make my case of why I think something's real and no one's gonna listen to me, why would they listen to vendor or product? So I'll put that on the side. But to answer your question, yeah, I mean, there are gonna be some areas that will be under the CISO and there will be some areas under the under like DLP is squarely under the CISO, right? So the deployment of DLP agents, the CIO and the technology team does that. But the configuration of the policies, that's gonna be the CISO. But the CISO still probably have to run things by the CIO. There's a change management process, Because if I'm instituting a block, block, but users are going to be noticed a block and they're going to complain about it. The CIO better have been, you know, forewarned about it. So there'll be a change management process, discuss it in the team and people give thumbs up. Okay, we like that change. And the same with the E-mail. EDR, EDR is going to be in the CISO world. I mean, like if the CISO is using any of the security native services within AWS, like security hub and bar duty and detective and Macy, that's squarely in the security department. They can do whatever they want with those things. It's not going to impact, you know, the CIO, but it's making a big change. I'm changing a security group or an ankle. All right, probably going through the CN, the CN process, the change management process, right? That's where typically things split, is like anything that could impact the breathing. reliability, the stability of production environment, that's usually your indicator that the CIO will need to be involved. Anything that I can do change in my world that doesn't impact any end users or the config or the architecture, it's easy to do on their own.
[00:37:52] Speaker: Cool.
[00:37:55] Speaker 3: All right.
[00:37:57] Shoval: Isla, again, thank you so much. It was a super valuable conversation for us.
[00:38:01] Speaker 3: Yes,
[00:38:01] Shoval: You know, even though like we don't have a clear direction, we got a lot of, you know,
[00:38:02] Speaker 2: I'm really interesting.
[00:38:03] Speaker: inaudible
[00:38:06] Shoval: I already marked the sentences as you talked as a guidelines to our research and as a,
[00:38:11] Speaker 3: signal. Yeah.
[00:38:16] Shoval: like, how to succeed the word. So, thank you so much, and we will, again, we would love to keep in touch and, you know, with you all on our journey.
[00:38:26] Speaker 3: Sounds good. Take care. Nice to meet you both.
[00:38:28] Speaker 2: Thank you, Sain.
[00:38:31] Speaker 3: You too.
[00:38:32] Speaker 2: Bye-bye.
